TTK-23-36

Review of Hubble tension solutions
with new SH0ES and SPT-3G data

Ali Rida Khalife,a Maryam Bahrami Zanjani,b Silvia Galli,a Sven
Günther,b Julien Lesgourgues,b Karim Benabed.a

aSorbonne Université, CNRS, UMR 7095, Institut d’Astrophysique de Paris, 98 bis bd Arago,
75014 Paris, France

bInstitute for Theoretical Particle Physics and Cosmology (TTK), RWTH Aachen University,
Sommerfeldstr. 16, D-52056 Aachen, Germany.

E-mail: ridakhal@iap.fr, bahrami.zanjani.m@gmail.com, gallis@iap.fr,
sven.guenther@rwth-aachen.de, lesgourg@physik.rwth-aachen.de, benabed@iap.fr

Abstract. We present an updated analysis of eleven cosmological models that may help
reduce the Hubble tension, which now reaches the 6σ level when considering the latest SH0ES
measurement versus recent CMB and BAO data, assuming ΛCDM. Specifically, we look at
five classical extensions of ΛCDM (with massive neutrinos, spatial curvature, free-streaming
or self-interacting relativistic relics, or dynamical dark energy) and six elaborate models fea-
turing either a time-varying electron mass, early dark energy or some non-trivial interactions
in the neutrino sector triggered by a light Majoron. We improve over previous works in
several ways. We include the latest data from the South Pole Telescope as well as the most
recent measurement of the Hubble rate by the SH0ES collaboration. We treat the summed
neutrino mass as a free parameter in most of our models, which reveals interesting degenera-
cies and constraints. We define additional metrics to assess the potential of a model to reduce
or even solve the Hubble tension. We validate an emulator that uses active learning to train
itself during each parameter inference run for any arbitrary model. We find that the time-
varying electron mass and the Majoron models are now ruled out at more than 3σ. Models
with a time-varying electron mass and spatial curvature or with early dark energy reduce
the tension to 1.0  2.9σ. Nevertheless, none of the models considered in this work is favored
with enough statistical significance to become the next concordance model of Cosmology.


Contents

1  Introduction                                          1

2  Results summary                                       4

3  Cosmological models                                    8

4  Methodology                                         13

4.1  Observational data                                   13

4.2  Bayesian analysis pipeline                               13

4.3  Quantifying the tension level                             14

5  Results and Discussion                                  17

5.1  General trends                                      19

5.2  Classical extensions of ΛCDM                             21

5.3  Varying mₑ and its extensions                            23

5.4  Early Dark Energy                                   28

5.5  Majoron                                          32

5.6  Update on the S₈ Tension                               34

6  Conclusions                                          36

A Accelerating MCMC runs using an online learning emulator        38

A.1 Comparing Emulator Results with usual MCMC                 38

A.2 Minimization and best-fit models                          39

1  Introduction

Since its appearance almost a decade ago, the Hubble tension [1–3] has become one of the
most debated topics in modern Cosmology [4, 5] (see figures 1 of [6, 7] for the evolution of
Hubble tension over the years). Simply stated, this tension arises from a discrepancy between
values of the current expansion rate of the Universe, the Hubble parameter (H₀), inferred
either indirectly and in a model-dependent way from the angular scale of a few standard
rulers, or directly from the luminosity of standard candles.

The former method mainly includes observations of the sound horizon angular scales
in Cosmic Microwave Background (CMB) and Baryon Acoustic Oscillation (BAO) data.1
Assuming the minimal cosmological model, ΛCDM, the Planck collaboration reports H₀ =

67.36  0.54 km/s/Mpc at the 68% confidence level (CL) [9].2 However, it is crucial to note

that similar values have been inferred by other CMB [12–14] and non-CMB [8, 15–20] probes
of the early Universe, showing that the tension subsists even when excluding Planck.

1One can also use another standard ruler, the horizon at matter-radiation equality [8]. This 
provides results
consistent with those from the sound horizon.

2This comes from the analysis of Planck Release 3 (PR3) data with temperature, polarization, and 
lensing

information (TT,TE,EE+lowE+lensing). Although our work is based on PR3, we note that a recent 
analysis
of PR4 by ref. [10] yields a similar but slightly more constraining result, H0 = 67.66 ± 0.49 
km/s/Mpc (see
also ref. [11]).

– 1 –


On the other hand, the latter method relies mainly on the luminosity of type-Ia su-
pernovae (SNIa) calibrated by Cepheids using the distance ladder technique [21]. For this
measurement, the main contender is the SH0ES collaboration [22–24], which recently pre-
sented an improved measurement of H₀ = 73.29  0.90 km/s/Mpc [25], in 5.6σ tension with
the Planck measurement. Like for the measurement of the angular scale of standard rulers,
other late universe observations are hinting at similar conclusions, although with much lower
significance [26–34].

In order to resolve this tension, one might consider two different approaches. The first
reassesses the data and its analysis in an attempt to uncover some hidden systematics. A great
deal  of work has been done along this direction, both for the angular scale of standard rulers
(see section 6 of ref. [35] and references therein) and for distance ladders [36–43]. However,
these efforts did not really reduce or resolve the tension significantly, and some re-analyses
even increased it further [25]. Hence, even though the possibility of hidden systematics is not
completely excluded, one can attempt the second approach: looking for alternative models
to ΛCDM.

The minimal ΛCDM model is extremely successful at describing many observations with
just 6 parameters. Nevertheless, this model has a few features that make it incomplete, at
least from a theoretical cosmology perspective. These include the fine-tuning and origin of the
cosmological constant Λ, the coincidence problem, the nature of Dark Matter (DM), and the
origin  of cosmological inflation (see [44–46] for reviews). Furthermore, since measurements of
the angular scale of the sound horizon infer the value of H₀ under the assumption of a given
cosmological model, i.e. indirectly, one should naturally consider the potential of different
models to solve the Hubble tension.

To achieve this goal, one must search for a model in which the extremely precise determi-
nation of the angular scale of the sound horizon by CMB and BAO data remains compatible
with higher values of H₀ than in the ΛCDM model – or even, ideally, predicts a higher value
of H₀ than this model. In natural units, where ℏ = c = 1, the sound horizon angular scale is
given by


∫ ∞ 

  −1/2

 −1/2


3 1 + ³ρb

γ

8πG Σiρi   dz


rs(zdₑc)

θ

=                zdec                  

,      (1.1)


ˢ  rA(zₒbs)

H−¹ sinK

 ∫ zobs 

Σ Ω ( ) −1/2

where rs(zdₑc) is the comoving sound horizon at the time of decoupling (for CMB observations,
at the time of photon decoupling, and for BAO observations, at the baryon drag time);
rA(zₒbs) is the comoving angular diameter distance to observations (for CMB observations,
to the time of photon decoupling, and for BAO observations, to the mean redshift of the
galaxies used in the measurement); G is Newton’s constant; ρi is the energy density of species
i, with ρb and ργ being that of baryons and photons, respectively; finally, Ωi = 8πGρi/(3H²)

0

for species i, and spatial curvature is parameterized by Ω = −  2


for the definition of sinK above).

K  K/H0 (see eq.(2.39) of [47]

The angle θs is extremely well constrained, especially by CMB observations (100 θs =
1.04075  0.00028 at the 68%CL [14]). Therefore, we can see from the last part of eq. (1.1)
that, if H₀ is to match the late Universe value (without shifting 100 θs by more than a few
σ’s), one must change some, or all, of the other terms. This can be done in two ways:
by modifying the ingredients of the cosmological model before recombination (z ≥ zdₑc) or

– 2 –


after recombination (    ). An example of the former solution consists in increasing the
energy budget of relativistic species in that epoch, i.e. increase  i ρi in the numerator of
eq. (1.1), enough to have H₀  73 km/s/Mpc. In this case, one should take care of avoiding
a conflict with Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (BBN) bounds on the relativistic energy density
at even earlier times – some of the models considered here address this problem successfully,

but in this work, for simplicity, we will not enter into further considerations concerning BBN.
As an example of a post-recombination solution, one may assume a decreasing amount of
Dark Energy (DE) in the late universe by making its equation of state (EoS) parameter,
wDE, dynamical [48, 49] (we define wDE = pDE/ρDE, where pDE and ρDE are the pressure
and energy density of DE, respectively).3 In principle one can always modify both eras, as
we shall see later for two of the models considered here. This option is further discussed on
a general basis in ref. [52].

The aforementioned examples are a mere sample of a plethora of models that have been
put forward to resolve the Hubble tension, with either pre- or post-recombination modifica-
tions of ΛCDM. Many other models have been extensively assessed (see refs. [4, 5, 53, 54]
for non-exhaustive reviews) and sometimes ruled out as viable solutions. However, given
that a final consensus has not been reached yet, it is important to build upon these previous
analyses with new, state-of-the-art data, to better constrain the remaining models. This is
precisely the goal of the current work.

We present updated constraints on twelve non-minimal cosmologies, including ΛCDM
for comparison. We divide these models into classical extensions of ΛCDM, i.e. with one or
two parameters that have solid physical motivations and/or are interesting to confront to the
data independently of the Hubble tension; and more elaborate models that have been previ-
ously suggested as promising solutions to the tension in ref. [5]. The latter models include
the varying electron mass scenario (mₑ) [55–58] and some of its extensions [59], Early Dark
Energy (EDE) [60–62], and a Majoron-inspired model [63–65]. In most cases, we generalise
over previous analyses by treating the summed neutrino mass Σmν as a free parameter. This
is a more physically motivated choice compared to fixing the mass to the minimum value
allowed by laboratory experiments.4 It also allows us to investigate possible degeneracies
between the neutrino mass and other cosmological parameters in extended models. After
presenting a concise summary of our main results in section 2, we briefly elaborate on the
twelve models included in this work (and their physical parameters) in section 3.

We confront each of these models with distinct data sets and their combinations, in-
cluding recent Baryon Acoustic Oscillations (BAO) [16, 17, 66, 67], SNIa [15] and CMB [9,
13, 14, 68, 69] data, as presented in section 4. In our analysis, we underline the role and
the constraining power of SPT-3G 2018 data [13, 14] compared to other CMB ones. For
each data set, we assess the ability of the various models to provide an explanation for the
Hubble tension through a variety of metrics discussed in section 4. In the same section, we
show that we have been able to speed up our pipeline for Bayesian parameter extraction and
for likelihood maximization by a large factor without biasing the results, thanks to a new
emulator [70] that uses an active learning scheme and requires no prior training.

Section 5 contains an extensive discussion of our results. We conclude our work in

3It should be noted, however, that this particular model was shown not to solve the Hubble tension 
[16,
50, 51]. We mention it here just as an illustration.

⁴We do not vary Σmν for EDE and the Majoron models. The former already has many free parameters
and adding Σmν would make the convergence of the fitting algorithm prohibitively slow. In the 
Majoron case,
the only theory code available at the moment neglects the small effect of neutrino masses.

– 3 –


section 6. In appendix A we give details on our parameter inference pipeline, emulator, and
minimization technique.

2  Results summary

We fitted our models to many different combinations of data from CMB (Planck, SPT-
3G 2018, ACT-DR4), BAO (6dFGS, BOSS, eBOSS), and SNIa (Pantheon) observations.
However, to summarize our main results and compare the ability of different models to
explain (or at least reduce) the Hubble tension, we focus on the combination of Planck,
SPT-3G 2018, BAO, and SNIa data.

Indeed, the earlier work of ref. [5] considered the combination of Planck (TT, TE,
EE+lowE+lensing), BAO (6dFGS, DR7, DR12), and SNIa (Pantheon) data as their baseline.
Ref. [5] also performed additional tests with data from ACT-DR4 and concluded that it did
not impact significantly the main conclusions, except for EDE. Indeed, it was shown in
previous works [71–73] that there is a preference for EDE from ACT-DR4 data. We will
return to this point in section 5. Since one of our main objectives is to highlight the impact
of SPT-3G 2018 data, we do add it to the previously used baseline data set. We also check
the role of ACT-DR4 data (on top of SPT-3G 2018) in section 5, but we do not include it
in our baseline, since its impact has already been studied. Note that our baseline also differs
from that of ref. [5] through the inclusion of some recent measurements of the BAO scale by
eBOSS DR16 (see section 4.1 for more details and references on the observational data used
in this work).

Our main results for the different models and the baseline data set are presented in
Table 1 and summarized graphically in Figure 1. The second column provides the mean
value, best-fit value, and 68%CL credible intervals for H₀ when each model is fitted to the
baseline data set. The next columns of Table 1 refer to several complementary approaches
to quantify the level of the Hubble tension. Two of them have already been used in [5]:
the “Difference of the Maximum A Posteriori” (DMAP) yields a number of σ’s denoted as
QDMAP and listed in the the 4th column, and the “Akaike Information Criterion (AIC) with
SH0ES” yields a number denoted as ∆AICw/ and provided in the 8th column. However, we
improve over the previous tests in two ways. First, we replace the Gaussian Tension (GT)
metric of ref. [5] by its generalisation to the case of non-Gaussian posteriors, that we call the
“Marginalised Posterior Compatibility Level” (MPCL) and translate into a number QMPCL
of σ’s listed in the 3d column (see section 4.3). Second, we also compute the “AIC without
SH0ES”, ∆AICw/ₒ, reported in the 6th column.

The meaning of these various metrics can be summarized as follows. Both QMPCL
and QDMAP assess the compatibility between the value of H₀ predicted either by the baseline
data set or by the SH0ES measurement, under the assumption of a given cosmological model.
The former evaluates this level of compatibility in a Bayesian way (depending on priors and
volume effects) and the latter in a frequentist way (depending solely on maximum likelihoods,
or equivalently on best-fit χ²). Next, the ∆AICw/ₒ metric states whether an extended model
is preferred over ΛCDM given the baseline data set only, and ∆AICw/ addresses the same
question given the baseline plus SH0ES data set. We further elaborate on these parameters
and their definitions in section 4.3. Note that the MPCL metric can be quickly inferred
from the Monte Carlo Markov Chains (MCMC), while the DMAP and AIC metrics require
minimizations, which can be numerically expensive (despite the speed-up resulting from the
new method described in section A.2, which uses an emulator for this purpose). For this

– 4 –


reason, we compute the DMAP and AIC metrics only for ΛCDM and for extended models
that have QMPCL ≤ 4σ.


Models       H₀(km/s/Mpc)  QMPCL(σ)  QDMAP(σ)

w/o SH0ES

∆χ² ∆AIC

w/ SH0ES

∆χ²  ∆AIC


ΛCDM

+Σmν

+Σmν+CPL

+Σmν+ Nₑff

+Σmν + ΩK

+Σmν + NSIDR

mₑ
mₑ+Σmν
mₑ    + ΩK

mₑ + ΩK + Σmν
EDE

Majoron

67.56(67.58)+0.38

67.60(67.01)+0.49

67.94(67.89)+0.78

68.25(67.45)+0.62

67.67(66.88)+0.62

68.53(69.06)+0.69

68.00(68.03)+1.06

68.22(67.70)+1.09

68.20(67.42)+1.63

69.75(67.75)+1.85

68.18(68.55)+0.42

68.55(68.08)+0.48

6.0     5.8

5.9     —

4.5     —

4.2     —

5.1     —

3.8     4.0

3.8     3.9

3.5     3.6

2.9     3.1

1.5     3.0

3.7     2.7

4.3     —

0   0

—   —

—   —

—   —

—   —

-0.1  3.9

0.0  2.0

-1.0  3.1

-1.0  3.0

-0.9  5.1

-4.6  1.4

—   —

0   0

—   —

—   —

—   —

—   —

-17.1  -13.1

-18.0  -16.0

-21.6  -17.6

-24.7  -20.7

-25.6  -19.8

-31.1  -25.1

—   —

Table 1: Summary of this work’s main results. All the values reported here correspond
to the data set combination: Planck (TT,TE,EE+lowE+lensing), SPT-3G (TT+TE+EE),
BAO (6dFGS+DR7+DR12+DR16), and SN Ia. For each of our models, we report in the
second column the mean, best fit5 and 68%CL credible interval of H₀. The third column
presents the Marginalised Posterior Compatibility Level between SH0ES and the rest of the
data, expressed in units of σ. The third column presents a frequentist version of the same
test. The numbers in boldface show the cases reducing the tension below the 3σ level. The
next columns show the χ² and Akaike Information Criterion improvement for each model
relative to ΛCDM, either without or with SH0ES data included. We refer the reader to
Figure 1 for a graphical representation of the first four columns, and to section 4 for more
details.

The first line of Table 1 shows that the Hubble tension is now of the order of 6σ for
ΛCDM with our baseline data set. Like in [5], we will consider that a given model brings the
tension down to an acceptable level when it decreases to 3σ or less. This condition may sound
too permissive since a 3σ tension is still significant. However, we need to set a conservative
threshold given that in the future we may get new insight on unaccounted systematics in
current data, that may not completely solve the tension, but bring it from an apparent 3σ
level to less than 2σ. Thus, to be on the safe side, we will not describe models with a 3σ
tension as clearly incompatible with all existing data. This threshold could be imposed to
either of the QMPCL or QDMAP metrics, but we wish to remain agnostic concerning the use
of a Bayesian versus frequentist metric. Thus, we will conservatively consider that our main

5For the models for which we did not run an explicit minimization algorithm, we report the value of 
the
best-fitting sample from the MCMC.

– 5 –


test is passed whenever, for a given model, one of QMPCL or QDMAP is smaller or equal to 3σ.
This is the case only for three models in Table 1: ΛCDM+mₑ+ΩK, ΛCDM+mₑ+ΩK+Σmν
and EDE.

At this point, we can already conclude that none of the models within our list but these
three remain compatible with all current data sets including SH0ES. More generally, we find
that for all our models (including the ones still passing the test) the level of tension has grown
since the analysis of ref. [5]. In addition, in the case of the Majoron model, more accurate
theoretical predictions make the model less compatible with a high value of H₀. In ref. [5],
both the ΛCDM+mₑ and Majoron models did pass the 3σ-compatibility test. According to
this work, they no longer appear as plausible solutions, with the Majoron results being in
accordance with the findings of [74]. The ΛCDM+mₑ+ΩK and EDE models barely pass our
tests and with a worse tension level than in ref. [5].

We stress that the three surviving models do pass the 3σ-compatibility test, but only
thanks to a larger error bar on H₀ rather than predicting a larger mean value for it. One
can check this from the second column of Table 1, in which the mean H₀ value is only

68.2 km/s/Mpc for ΛCDM+mₑ+ΩK and EDE. The mean H₀ value is however larger for the
ΛCDM+mₑ+ΩK+Σmν model, which predicts H₀ = 69.75+1.85 km/s/Mpc.

Table 1 also shows that ∆AICw/ₒ is always positive. This means that none of the models
considered in this work is significantly preferred over ΛCDM in the absence of SH0ES data,
even models that reduce the tension. This is another reason to consider these potential
solutions as not very appealing: at present time, they appear as ad-hoc solutions, motivated
only by the reduction of the Hubble tension, and not confirmed by any hint in other data
sets. We may notice that the EDE model better fits our baseline data set than ΛCDM by

∆χ² =  4.6, but given that this model has three additional free parameters, this is not
statistically significant.

Finally, the 8th column of Table 1 always returns large negative values of ∆AICw/, which
shows an improvement in goodness-of-fit compared to ΛCDM. However, as long as ∆AICw/ₒ
remains small, we know that the improvement of the AICw/ metric can only come from a
reduction of the SH0ES χ² value. For instance, when the tension is reduced from the 6σ to
the  nσ level, there is a potential to decrease the AICw/ metric by about 62  n². This is very
consistent with the numbers appearing in the last column of Table 1 for ∆AICw/. The fact
that  we do not obtain smaller numbers confirms that there is nothing in the data that the
extended models can fit better than ΛCDM, except the SH0ES likelihood itself.

Our key conclusions from this work can be summarized by four points. First, we confirm
the previous findings of ref. [5] that none of the classical extensions of ΛCDM can reduce the
Hubble tension to an acceptable level. Second, the ΛCDM+mₑ and Majoron models, which
were strong candidates in ref. [5], are no longer able to reduce the tension to an acceptable
level. Third, the ΛCDM+mₑ + ΩK and EDE models are still able to bring the tension down
to the 2-3σ level, but there is no hint in favor of these models in our combined Planck,
SPT, BAO, and SNIa data set. Fourth, the ΛCDM+mₑ + ΩK+Σmν model, which was never
considered before, is the one in our list with the best potential to reduce the tension, with
QMPCL = 1.5σ and a mean value as large as H₀ = 69.8 km/s/Mpc, but like the previous
models it does not improve the fit of non-SH0ES data compared to ΛCDM. However, the
three models ΛCDM+mₑ+ΩK, ΛCDM+mₑ+ΩK+Σmν and EDE are still worth investigating
in future works, both theoretically and with additional data.

Before entering a more detailed discussion, we emphasize two points. First, although
changes in the tension level compared to ref. [5] are mainly driven by the improved SH0ES

– 6 –


measurements [25], the inclusion of SPT-3G 2018 and SDSS-DR16 [17] data plays a crucial
role in our conclusions. For instance, compared to ref. [5], the fact that the tension level
exceeds the 3σ threshold for the ΛCDM+mₑ is due to the inclusion of SDSS-DR16 data.6
On the other hand, as we explain in more detail in section 5, the improved polarization
measurements from SPT-3G 2018 straighten the constraints on mₑ + ΩK and EDE. Second,
it     is not the purpose of this paper to discuss the S₈ tension [75, 76] in as many details as the
Hubble tension, but the short discussion provided in section 5.6 suggests that none of the
models presented here exacerbates this other tension beyond the 3σ level.


ΛCDM

Planck

SH0ES

+ Σmν

+ Σmν + CPL

+ Σmν + Nₑff

+ Σmν + ΩK

+ Σmν + NSIDR


mₑ
mₑ + Σmν
mₑ + ΩK

QMPCL
QDMAP

mₑ + ΩK + Σmν

EDE

Majoron


68       70       72       74

H₀ [km s−¹ Mpc−¹]

0    3   5

σ

Figure 1: A graphical representation of the first four columns of Table 1. Left: The black
dots and their intervals correspond to the mean value of H₀ and its 68%CL, respectively, for
each model. The gold band is the 68% CL on H₀ from Planck [9], while the light-salmon one
corresponds to that of SH0ES [25]. Right: The top horizontal bar of each model correspond to
QMPCL, colored in red when surpassing the 3σ level, and dark green otherwise. The bottom
horizontal bar, when applicable, corresponds to QDMAP, colored in orange when surpassing
the  3σ level, and light green otherwise

– 7 –


Parameter
Ωbh²

Ωch²

θs
ns

ln(1010As)

τreio

lowE τrₑiₒ

Priors

𝘚 (0.005, 0.1)

𝘚 (0.001, 0.99)

𝘚 (0.5, 10)

𝘚 (0.8, 1.2)

𝘚 (1.67, 3.91)

𝘚 (0.01, 0.8)

N (0.054, 0.007)

Table 2: Priors on the cosmological parameters of our baseline ΛCDM model. For data sets
that do not include Planck, we use a Gaussian prior on τrₑiₒ specified in the last row.

3  Cosmological models

We consider eleven extensions of the minimal ΛCDM model. Our baseline ΛCDM model is
parameterized with the usual six vanilla parameters,

Pcₒsmₒ = Ωbh², Ωch², θs, ns, As, τrₑiₒ ,           (3.1)
where Ωb and Ωc are the fractional densities of baryons and CDM, respectively, h = H₀/

(100km/s/Mpc) is the reduced Hubble parameter, θs is the angular scale of the sound horizon
at decoupling (eq. (1.1)), ns and As are respectively the spectral index and amplitude of the
primordial curvature power spectrum, and τrₑiₒ is the photon optical depth to the reionization
epoch. In this model, we assume three degenerate massive neutrino species with a total mass
Σmν = 0.06 eV, close to the minimum allowed by oscillation experiments [77, 78]. Our prior
on each free parameter is described in Table 2. We denote a uniform prior between a and
b as (a, b) and a Gaussian prior centered on a with standard deviation σ as  (a, σ). By
default, we adopt uniform priors on each parameter. Among the data sets considered in our
analysis, Planck is the only one constraining τrₑiₒ, mainly through the measurement of the
reionization bump in the low-multipole range of the polarization spectrum. Thus, whenever
the Planck likelihood is not included in our data set, we adopt a Gaussian prior on τrₑiₒ of
the form  (0.054, 0.007) [79], referred to as the lowE τ -prior.

We divide our eleven non-minimal models into two categories, the first being that of
classical extensions of ΛCDM with compelling physical ingredients such as massive neutrinos,
relativistic relics, dynamical dark energy, and spatial curvature. Previously, extra relativistic
relics, spatial curvature, or dynamical dark energy with a Chevalier-Polarski-Linder (CPL)
equation of state [48, 49] were suggested as possible solutions to the Hubble tension. However,
it was later shown that each of these extensions (without involving additional ingredients) are
too simple to solve this tension without raising other ones [5, 9, 50, 51]. Nevertheless, their
free parameters are sufficiently well motivated to deserve an updated analysis, including the
SPT-3G 2018 data. The results obtained with these models are also useful for comparison
with those of more speculative models considered later on. In this first category, we study:

6For this model, one can check that, even if we use the same SH0ES likelihood as in ref. [5], the 
QMPCL

metric grows from 2.9 to 3.2 by just adding SPT-3G 2018 and eBOSS DR16 data.

– 8 –


1. ΛCDM+Σmν

Neutrino oscillation experiments [77, 78] have established that neutrinos have a mass
that can significantly affect cosmological observables [80–84]. Fixing Σmν to 0.06 eV
is based on the minimum value allowed by oscillation experiments. In this model
(and in many of the others considered later on), we consider Σmν as a free parameter
limited to positive values, while sticking to the assumption of neutrinos degenerate in
mass. Note that the range 0 < Σmν < 0.06 eV is excluded by laboratory data, but is
still interesting to consider in a cosmological analysis, given that we are not sure that
all the assumptions of our baseline cosmological model are fulfilled. Note also that
oscillation experiments imply that one should consider different masses for each of the
three neutrino eigenstates, but adopting three equal masses has been proved to be an
excellent approximation to the CMB and matter power spectra [82, 83, 85, 86].

Priors: Σmν ∈ 𝘚 (0, 1) eV.

2. ΛCDM+Σmν + w₀ + wₐ.

In this model, we additionally assume dynamical DE with a CPL [48, 49] parametriza-
tion of the equation of state,

w(a) = w₀ + wₐ(1 − a/a₀) ,             (3.2)

where w₀ and wₐ are free parameters and a₀ is the scale factor, a, today. Note that the
effect of perturbations has been accounted for using the Parameterized Post-Friedmann
formulation [87].

Priors: Σmν ∈ 𝘚 (0, 1) eV, w₀ ∈ 𝘚 (-2, -0.33), wₐ ∈ 𝘚 (-3, 2).

3. ΛCDM+Σmν + ΩK

On top of massive neutrinos, this model features spatial curvature with a parameter
ΩK. Note that with a positive ΩK – corresponding to negative curvature – one could,
in principle, obtain the same angular diameter distance to the last scattering surface
as with an increased value of H₀.

Priors: Σmν ∈ 𝘚(0, 1) eV and ΩK ∈ 𝘚 (-1, 1).

4. ΛCDM+Σmν + Nₑff

Still, on top of massive neutrinos, this model assumes ultra-relativistic (ur) relics that
are decoupled and free-streaming. Such relics are very easy to motivate since many ex-
tensions of the standard model of particle physics predict not only stable non-relativistic
relics (dark matter) but also ultra-relativistic ones (dark radiation). Their contribution
is accounted for as an increase in the effective neutrino number Nₑff with respect to the
standard model value Nₑff = 3.044 [88, 89]. Since it is possible to increase simultane-
ously H₀ and Nₑff without changing θs (see eq. (1.1)) [83, 90], this model would be an
obvious solution to the Hubble tension if high values of Nₑff were not actually rising
tension with the measurement of the damping tail in the CMB spectrum [9, 83, 90–92].
Priors: Σmν ∈ 𝘚(0, 1) eV, Nur ∈ 𝘚 (0, 2), where Nur = Nₑff − 3.044.

5. ΛCDM+Σmν + NSIDR

This model differs from the previous one through the assumption that the ultra-
relativistic relics are strongly self-interacting [93, 94]. Such relics are implemented in
CLASS as an “interacting dark radiation” (IDR) species. At the level of the background,
this model is identical to one with free-streaming relics and Nₑff = 3.044 + NSIDR, but

– 9 –


perturbations undergo a slightly different evolution. Specifically, dark radiation clusters
more when it is self-interacting, which slightly enhances the small-scale CMB spectrum;
at the same time, neutrino over-densities propagate at a smaller velocity, and the neu-
trino drag effect is reduced [83, 95–98]. Both effects allow to fit CMB data better than
with an equivalent amount of free-streaming relics, and thus to reach potentially higher
values of Nₑff and H₀.

Priors: Σmν ∈ 𝘚 (0, 1) eV and NSIDR ∈ 𝘚 (0, 1.5).

Concerning the second category, we consider models that are more elaborate or include
speculative physical ingredients, which recently received much attention for their ability to
solve – or at least reduce – the Hubble tension. These models, which we call elaborate
models, all involve some dynamical mechanisms to reduce the comoving sounds horizon rs
in eq. (1.1). Their ability to reduce the tension was already compared in [5]. Here, we wish
to update this comparison in the presence of more recent CMB, BAO and SH0ES data sets.
For some of the models, we will also complete the analysis by adding the summed neutrino
mass to the list of free parameters. The main features of each model can be summarized as
follows (we refer the reader to [5] and references therein for further details):

6. Varying mₑ

Several high-energy theories predict a possible variation of fundamental constants over
time. For instance, in the framework of higher dimensional theories such as string
theory, the appearance of light scalar fields that couple to other fundamental fields,
such as leptons and quarks, is almost inevitable (see [55] and references therein for
more details). These fields may take a long time to stabilise, and their dynamics can
cause a variation in effective particle masses, particularly that of the electron. Without
invoking extra dimensions, a drift in the electron mass mₑ can also appear in several im-
plementations of the Higgs mechanism [99]. Since the gaps between energy levels in the
hydrogen atom depend on mₑ, a variation of this mass between the beginning of matter
domination and today can shift the redshift of recombination and photon decoupling.
If mₑ slowly decreases over time, recombination takes place at a larger redshift, and
the sound horizon at decoupling is smaller. This can be compensated by an enhanced
value of H₀ [55–58]. Since current cosmological data are insensitive to the detailed
evolution of mₑ between recombination and today, it is customary to assume an ap-
proximately constant value of mₑ around recombination, another constant value today,
and a step-like transition in between. In this case, the only new measurable parameter
in this model is the ratio of the mₑ before, mₑ,ₑₐrly, and after, mₑ,lₐtₑ, this transition:
mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ. This model is implemented in CLASS with a transition taking place by
default at redshift z  50, but this arbitrary choice has no observable consequence (as
long as it is after the end of recombination). Note that BBN also provides constraints
on variations of the electron mass, with a roughly similar constraining power as CMB
and BAO data (see for example [100]). Here we are not considering such additional
constraints (assuming, for instance, that mₑ could also be different at BBN and CMB
times). Note that a different electron mass at high redshift can change the time of
electron-positron annihilation and thus the value of ∆Nₑff at later times. Using the
PRyMordial code [101], we estimate this shift to be of the order of ∆Nₑff/∆mₑ  0.1.
Our results will show that mₑ is allowed to vary typically by 2% (when including at
least BAO data), resulting in variations of ∆Nₑff of the order of 0.002. Since such small
variations have a negligible impact on our observables, we can approximate ∆Nₑff as

– 10 –


independent of mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ.

Priors: mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ ∈ 𝘚 (0, 1.5).

7. Varying mₑ + Σmν

Since there is no strong reason to fix the total neutrino mass to 0.06 eV, our next model
features Σmν as an additional free parameter. This offers an interesting opportunity
to check for parameter degeneracies between mₑ and Σmν given current data.

Priors: mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ ∈ 𝘚 (0.5, 1.5), Σmν ∈ 𝘚 (0, 1) eV.

8. Varying mₑ + ΩK

It was already noticed in [59] that when fitting recent cosmological data, one finds a
degeneracy between the ratio mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ and the curvature parameter ΩK, which
allows to reach even large values of H₀. Indeed, in the combined model, one can
adjust both parameters, separately modifying the sound horizon and angular diameter
distance to decoupling – that is, with the numerator and denominator of eq. (1.1). We
thus consider this combination of free parameters, first with a total neutrino mass fixed
to 0.06 eV.

Priors: mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ ∈ 𝘚 (0.5, 1.5), ΩK ∈ 𝘚 (-0.02,0.02)

9. Varying mₑ + Σmν + ΩK

Here we additionally vary the total neutrino mass since, as already mentioned, there is
no strong theoretical motivation to stick to the minimum value of Σmν.

Priors: mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ ∈ 𝘚 (0, 1.5), Σmν ∈ 𝘚 (0, 2) eV7 ΩK ∈ 𝘚 (-0.2, 0.2).

10. Early Dark Energy (EDE)

In this case, a scalar field – potentially motivated by string theory [102] – contributes to
the expansion rate over a short period before recombination. This results in a reduction
in the sound horizon that can be compensated by a higher value of H₀. In order to
obtain temperature and polarization spectra compatible with CMB data, the scalar field
must decay quickly at some critical time tc parameterized by the scale factor ac = a(tc)
(assuming that a(t₀) = 1). EDE models were first proposed as solutions to the Hubble
tension in ref. [62] and have been extensively studied since then, see e.g. [60, 103–108].
We stick to the initial model of ref. [62], parameterized by the initial value of the scalar
field θi, the scale factor at which the scalar field starts to decay ac, and the fractional
energy of EDE at this time fEDE(ac). We note that the EDE model studied in this
work represents a large class of EDE models, but not all of them (see [73] for a review).
A full investigation of other EDE models is beyond the scope of the current work.

Priors: θi ∈ 𝘚 (0.01, 3.1), log(ac) ∈ 𝘚 (-4.5, -3), fEDE(ac) ∈ 𝘚 (0, 0.5).

11. Majoron

A possible scenario for the generation of neutrino masses invokes the spontaneous sym-
metry breaking of the global U (1) lepton number symmetry, which produces a pseudo-
Nambu-Goldstone scalar ϕ called the Majoron. The authors of refs. [63–65] investigated
a version of this scenario compatible, as a byproduct, with enhanced values of H₀, with
the Majoron mass mϕ ∼ eV. A study of the various interactions shows that in this
case, the population of Majorons gets efficiently produced at a temperature T ∼ mϕ

⁷We doubled the prior range on Σmν for this model to make sure that we are not excluding allowed 
regions
in parameter space.

– 11 –


and decays into neutrinos soon afterward. This model provides a concrete implemen-
tation of a particle physics model in which the radiation density – or the effective
parameter Nₑff – gets enhanced over a short period before recombination, similar to
the EDE model. Moreover, during this period, neutrinos behave as a self-interacting
fluid, that is, like IDR, which may further help to increase Nₑff and raise H₀. This
effect is parameterized with an independent and dimensionless effective decay width,
Γₑff. To be more specific, in this model, Nₑff gets inherently enhanced by the energy
density stored, firstly, in the Majoron particles when they thermalize, and later on, in
the extra active neutrinos produced by their decay. This enhancement (combined with
the effect of Majoron-induced neutrino scattering) helps to reduce the Hubble tension
but is not sufficient to solve it. To reach sufficiently high values of Nₑff, refs. [63, 64]
consider such a Majoron in combination with another population of stable relativistic
relics that we call here Additional Dark Radiation (ADR). The constant contribution
of ADR to Nₑff, dubbed NADR, is the third free parameter specific to this model.

In summary, the model assumes that Nₑff starts from a value 3.044+NADR well before
photon decoupling and experiences some further growth at a later time due to neu-
trino/Majoron conversions. The maximum value reached by Nₑff depends on the three
parameters NADR, mϕ and Γₑff, and the ΛCDM model is recovered in the limit in which
these three parameters go to zero. To obtain a more natural scenario, the authors of
ref. [65] noticed that the ADR component could account for an initial population of
the same Majoron particles,8 produced in the very early universe through a mecha-
nism motivated by other ingredients in the low-scale Majoron model of leptogenesis
and neutrino mass generation. In this case, the model only involves one new type of
cosmological relics. This scenario was implemented in the Boltzmann solver CLASS by
the authors of [63–65]. Recently, ref. [74] updated this modified branch of CLASS, with
a more accurate numerical treatment and a generalisation to the alternative scenario.
Here, we stick to the Majoron case, but we use the updated code kindly provided by
the authors of [74]. As a final remark on this model, we recall that the Majoron was
historically introduced as a possible mechanism to generate neutrino masses. However,
the main motivation behind the work of refs. [63–65, 74] was to study a model with
non-trivial dynamics in the background and perturbation equations of dark radiation
and neutrinos – arising, in the present case, from the late-time out-of-equilibrium ther-
malization of a light boson interacting with neutrinos. While neutrino masses can be
naturally incorporated within this framework, doing so can significantly complicate
both the phenomenology and the computational overheads. Here, we will stick to the
assumption of negligible neutrino masses for this particular model.

Priors: log(mϕ/eV) ∈ 𝘚 (-1, 1), log(Γₑff) ∈ 𝘚 (-2, 2), and NADR ∈ 𝘚 (0, 1.5).

Many additional interesting models have been proposed to reduce the Hubble tension. These
include Early Modified Gravity [109], New Early Dark Energy [103], other types of EDE [72,
110, 111], Stepped Dark Radiation [112, 113], Interacting Dark Energy [114], Primordial
Magnetic Fields [115, 116] and many others. Due to finite computational resources, we could
not include these models in this analysis, but we will investigate them in future works.

8In numerical simulations, this amounts to initializing the density of Majoron at high redshift to 
a positive

NADR instead of zero. In ref. [65], our NADR is denoted as ∆N BBN.

– 12 –


4  Methodology

4.1  Observational data

We consider the following cosmological data sets:

1. SPT: CMB power spectra from SPT-3G 2018 for TT, TE, and EE [13, 14].

2. Planck: CMB power spectra from Planck 2018 for TT, TE, EE +lowE+lensing [79, 117].

3. ACT: CMB power spectrum data from the Atacama Cosmology Telescope DR4 for TT,
TE, and EE [68, 69].

4. BAO: Baryon Acoustic Oscillation data from 6dFGS [66], BOSS DR7 [67] and DR12 [16],
and eBOSS DR16 [17]. We do not include redshift-space distortions [118] or Alcock-
Paczynski [119] measurements from this data set.

5. Pantheon: SN Ia luminosity data from the Pantheon sample [15].

6. SH0ES: we also use the most recent estimate of H₀ by the SH0ES collaboration (H₀ =
73.29  0.90km/s/Mpc [25]) for the purpose of estimating the tension with other data
sets, but we do not combine it with other data sets when computing mean values and
confidence intervals.

Concerning a potential correlation between the different CMB experiments, we first
note that the SPT-3G 2018 footprint is very small (fsky = 0.04) compared to Planck, which
is almost full sky. Therefore, correlations between these two data sets are negligible, as
shown in [13]. On the other hand, there is no overlap in the footprints of SPT-3G 2018
and ACT-DR4. There is instead an overlap between Planck and ACT footprints. The
ACT collaboration recommends using their TT data only for ℓ > 1800 when combining
with Planck. Given that this overlap is known to have only a small impact on parameter
constraints, we neglect it for simplicity. To make the notation more concise, we define the
following acronyms for the different data combinations:

DS = SPT;

DSP = SPT+Planck;

DSB = SPT+BAO;

DPB = Planck+BAO;

DSPB = SPT+Planck+BAO;

DSPBP = SPT+Planck+BAO+Pantheon;

DSPAB = SPT+Planck+ACT+BAO;

DSPABP = SPT+Planck+ACT+BAO+Pantheon. (4.1)

4.2  Bayesian analysis pipeline

To make theoretical predictions and compute observables, we rely on the Boltzmann codes
CAMB9 [120], CLASS10 [121, 122], and a couple of modified branches of CLASS. For the ΛCDM
model and its extensions with the parameters Σmν, w₀, wₐ, Nₑff and Ωk, one can in principle

9https://github.com/cmbant/CAMB
10https://github.com/lesgourg/class_public

– 13 –


choose between the public versions of CAMB and CLASS, which provide highly consistent results.
We use CAMB v1.3.6 for the ΛCDM+w₀+wₐ and ΛCDM+Σmν+ΩK models, and CLASS
v3.2.1 in other cases. For extensions including at least the parameters NSIDR or mₑ, we
used the public (master) branch of CLASS v3.2.1. For EDE, we used the master branch
of AxiCLASS v3.2.111 [123, 124], and for the Majoron model, a modified private branch of
CLASS kindly provided by the authors of [74].

We run our MCMCs using COBAYA [125, 126] and its Metropolis-Hastings algorithm [127,
128]. We use GetDist [129] to calculate Bayesian posteriors, means, and confidence intervals.
Our runs are usually based on 8 MCMCs, with a minimal convergence level given by the
Gelman-Rubin criterion [130] R  1  0.02. Moreover, our results for the  SPBP data set
are derived from those for the SPB data set using importance sampling with the Pantheon
likelihood. The outcome is trustworthy since, as we will see in section 5, the addition of the
Pantheon data does not shift the means and errors by a significant amount.

In addition to computing the Bayesian posteriors conventionally, we investigate the pos-
sibility of speeding up this computation by using a novel lightweight emulator introduced and
described in ref. [131]. Unlike other emulators that are used in CMB cosmology [70, 132–
134], which require a prior generation of training data and training of neural networks,12
this implementation uses an online learning algorithm that samples training data from the
MCMC itself. This enables the emulator to be accurate precisely in the region where the
posterior is not negligible while keeping the training set small (just (102)  (103) realisa-
tions in the investigated models). This is different from other inference algorithms such as
those of refs. [135, 136], since our emulator predicts cosmological observables like Cℓ’s rather
than posteriors. Hence, this emulator remains agnostic about the used sampling algorithm
and the likelihoods. Thus, it benefits from the (relatively) small dimensionality of model
parameter space compared to nuisance parameter space. Furthermore, the architecture of
the emulator, which is based on Gaussian Processes [137], allows for an estimate of the un-
certainty of the prediction. The estimate can be incorporated into the sampling algorithm
so that whenever the emulator’s prediction is insufficiently accurate, new training data is
generated. This procedure ensures very reliable performance for the emulator. The current
code implementation is publicly available within a modified COBAYA repository.13 A future
release will present a more modular version of the same emulator that will be compatible with
COBAYA, MontePython [138, 139] and additional samplers [140]. Like in ref. [131], we find that
this emulator achieves a major speed-up of the inference process while delivering a highly
accurate posterior estimate. In appendix A, we provide details on the performance and ac-
curacy of the emulator. We also explain its benefits for performing assisted χ² minimization
in order to compute some of our tension metrics.

4.3  Quantifying the tension level

There exist various statistical tools to assess the ability of a model to fit discrepant data sets.
Some of these tools try to quantify the level of tension between different data assuming a
given cosmological model, while others try to compare the goodness of fit of different models
to a given data set, which could include discrepant data. Moreover, some estimators are
more inspired by the Bayesian framework, and others by the frequentist approach. Here,

11https://github.com/PoulinV/AxiCLASS

12[133] uses an iterative sampling and training algorithm that converges on the relevant parameter 
space of
the posterior distribution.

13github.com/svenguenther/cobaya

– 14 –


for practical reasons, we limit ourselves to a non-exhaustive list of tests. We focus on a few
metrics that are relatively easy to compute and match or generalise the ones used in ref. [5],
to allow for a straightforward comparison.

Using SPBP – defined in (4.1) – as our reference data set, we start with two metrics
that assess the level of tension between SH0ES and non-SH0ES data for each model. Note,
however, that models for which these metrics return good results are not necessarily appealing
solutions to the Hubble tension, because they don’t necessarily predict a high H₀ value.
Nevertheless, such models are still compatible with all existing data.

1. Marginalised Posterior Compatibility Level (MPCL). We start discussing our first met-
ric in a general context. Consider a parameter x with two independent marginalised
posteriors, ₁(x) and ₂(x), resulting from Bayesian inference with two different exper-
iments, but for the same theoretical model. Second, consider independent realisations
x and x′ of the two posteriors, respectively, and compute the probability distribution
P(δ) of their difference δ = x′ − x. Mathematically, this distribution is given by

P(δ) = N ∫ dx P₁(x) P₂(x − δ),             (4.2)

where  is a normalization factor. A standard way to quantify the level of compatibility
between the two posteriors ₁ and ₂ is to address the following question:14 According
to the distribution  (δ), what is the probability that δ belongs to the minimum credible
interval that encompasses δ = 0? If  (δ) peaks in the δ > 0 range, this interval reads
[0, δ′], otherwise it would be [δ′, 0] – where, in both cases, δ′ satisfies  (δ′) =  (0).
Then, the probability q addressing the previous question is given by:

δ′

q =  0  dδ P(δ) .                 (4.3)

Given this probability q  [0, 1], one can conclude that, in the framework of the assumed
model, the two measurements are compatible at the 100(1  q)% level. For a more
intuitive interpretation, this probability can be converted into a number n of σ’s using15

n = √2 erf−1(q),                (4.4)

where erf is the error function. Note that this metric was also used in the work of [141,
142]. As an example, if q = 0.9973, then the two measurements would be compatible
at the 0.27% level, corresponding to n = 3. In fact, for the special case where P₁(x)
and P₂(x) are both Gaussian, the result can be expressed as:16

  x¯₂ − x¯₁  


n =  2

x₁

2  ,                 (4.5)

x₂

14In particular, the estimator quoted later in eq. (4.5) and sometimes called the Gaussian Tension 
estimator
finds its justification in this question; it provides the exact answer to it when the two 
posteriors are Gaussian.
15Strictly speaking, this conversion from probabilities to σ’s refers to Gaussian distributions, 
but in a wider
context, this definition of n can be adopted as a convention to represent a given probability q, 
even for

non-Gaussian distributions.

16One way to see this is to recall that the difference between two normally distributed variables 
also obeys
a normal distribution, with a mean and a standard deviation given by the numerator and denominator 
of
eq. (4.5), respectively.

– 15 –


where x¯i and σₓ are respectively the mean and standard deviation of i(x). The r.h.s
of eq. (4.5) was called the Gaussian Tension (GT) metric (or ∆GT) in ref. [5]. In that
work, this number was quoted for each model, with a warning that ∆GT is a meaningful
estimate of the compatibility between the two posteriors only in the Gaussian case. This
is  a severe limitation since our extended models tend to have strongly non-Gaussian
marginalised posteriors for H₀. Here, we adopt the exact version of this metric by
making use of a simple script that evaluates explicitly equations (4.2, 4.3). This provides
the exact answer to the question formulated above, even when the posteriors are not
Gaussian.

In the case considered here, x stands for the Hubble parameter H₀. We thus set
₂(x) =  SH₀ES(H₀), with the latter being the SH0ES likelihood, i.e. a Gaussian
distribution with mean H₀,SH₀ES = 73.29 km/s/Mpc and standard deviation σSH₀ES =

0.9 km/s/Mpc. Moreover, ₁(x) = SPBP(H₀) is now the posterior distribution of H₀
estimated from one of our MCMC runs for a given model and for the data set SPBP.
Since SH0ES and  SPBP are independent data sets, our previous definitions apply.
Then, eq. (4.2) becomes

P(δ) = N ∫ dH₀ PSPBP(H₀) PSH₀ES(H₀ − δ) ≃ N ′  wi PSH₀ES(H₀,i − δ)  (4.6)

i

where we approximated the integral with a sum over each point i in our MCMCs with
weight wi and Hubble parameter H₀,i. The normalisation factor  (  ′) is trivial to
compute by integrating over the whole range (summing over all chain points). Once
the probability  (δ) has been computed numerically, our script finds q using eq. (4.3),
and then converts it into a number n of σ’s using eq. (4.4) for the purpose of comparing
this metric with ∆GT. We call the final result QMPCL  n. We checked explicitly that
for cosmological models with a Gaussian marginalised posterior on H₀, such as ΛCDM,
we recover QMPCL = ∆GT as expected.

2. Difference of the Maximum A Posteriori (DMAP). As a second attempt to quantify
the tension between SH0ES and other data for each model, we consider the “difference
of the maximum a posteriori”, QDMAP [5, 143]. This number is given by the square
root of the difference between the effective best-fit χ² obtained for a given model and
data set with and without a SH0ES prior. We perform this test for the  SPBP data
set, which amounts to defining


QDMAP, model ≡ qχ2

SPBP+SH0ES − χ2

.   (4.7)

This number quantifies how much the best fit worsens in the presence of SH0ES data
and, thus, how much SH0ES is in tension with other data sets when assuming a model.
For a given model, QDMAP would ideally vanish if the fit to the data set  SPBP would
return a best-fit value of H₀ equal to the SH0ES central value.

In the case where the marginalized H₀ posteriors are exactly Gaussian, one can prove
mathematically that QDMAP = QMPCL = ∆GT. In other cases, the MPCL and DMAP
metrics address the same question under a more Bayesian and frequentist point of
view, respectively. Indeed, the MPCL depends on priors and volume effects (through
the marginalisation over other parameters), while the DMAP uses only restricted in-
formation at the best fit. Thus, one can argue that each of the two metrics has its pros

– 16 –


and cons, and it is useful to report and discuss both of them. However, due to the
computational cost of minimizations in high dimensional spaces, we report the DMAP
metric solely for the more promising models.

3. Akaike Information Criterion (AIC). With QMPCL,mₒdₑl and/or QDMAP, mₒdₑl, one can
compare the ability of different models to alleviate the tension. However, these tests do
not allow us to compare the intrinsic goodness-of-fit of these models and do not penalize
the presence of additional free parameters. The latter aspect is crucial because one can
always decrease the best-fit χ² by adding an arbitrary number of parameters, which
would amount to over-fitting statistical fluctuations in the data.

To address these caveats, one can use additional metrics. On the frequentist side, a
possibility is to use the Akaike Information Criterion (AIC) [144, 145],


2

min, model, D

− χmin, ΛCDM,D

+ 2 Nmₒdₑl − NΛCDM ,              (4.8)

defined for a given model and data set  . This test quantifies the goodness-of-fit
of a given model compared to ΛCDM. Additionally, it implements Occam’s razor by
penalizing models with a number of parameters Nmₒdₑl bigger than that of ΛCDM,
NΛCDM, thus complementing the previous two metrics. We compute the AIC for two
data sets,  =  SPBP and  =  SPBP₊SH₀ES, in order to address separately two
interesting questions: would our data set prefer a given extended model independently
of SH0ES data? And does it prefer this model in the presence of SH0ES data? However,
once more, we compute the AIC only for the most promising models, to reduce the
number of minimizations. For brevity, we denote the AIC metric with a subscript
“w/” (“w/o”) when the SH0ES likelihood is included (omitted) in the minimization,

i.e. ∆AICw/ (∆AICw/ₒ).

The four criteria mentioned above (MPCL, DMAP, AICw/ and AICw/ₒ) already give a
reasonable assessment of how a given model is performing in terms of fitting the data and
reducing the Hubble tension. However, if a model reduces the Hubble tension by having
a larger error bar on H₀, compared to ΛCDM, without actually predicting a larger value,
we cannot objectively say that it is solving the Hubble tension, nor that it is preferred over
ΛCDM [146]. Rather, the only conclusion we can make is that this model is not excluded
and that more data is required to properly assess it.

It is important to emphasize that the list of criteria presented in this section is neither
complete nor conclusive. In particular, the quantity 2 ln  loses its traditional interpretation
in terms of χ²-statistics in the presence of highly non-Gaussian posteriors. Nevertheless, taken
together, these tests provide a fairly good indication of how well the considered models match
the currently available data.

5  Results and Discussion

In this section, we elaborate on our main findings, starting with a presentation in Figure 2
of the MPCL tension metric of H₀ for each model and data combination. The DMAP and

∆AIC metrics were already reported in Table 1 (with a graphical summary in Figure 1),
but only for a selection of interesting cases and for the  SPBP data set. Specifically, Table 1
includes additional metrics only for the models with QMPCL < 4σ, which are the SIDR model,

– 17 –


all models with a varying mₑ, and the EDE model. Finally, we present the mean value and
credible interval for H₀ for each model and data combination in Table 3, with a graphical
summary in Figure 3.

We would like to emphasize that our work is not only relevant for assessing the tension
level of various extended cosmological models given recent CMB, BAO, and SH0ES data but
also for updating the constraints on the parameters of these models. For this purpose, we
provide all bounds on additional parameters (beyond the six ΛCDM ones) derived from the
data set DSPBP in Table 4.


ΛCDM

2.7 σ

6.0 σ

5.4 σ

5.9 σ

6.3 σ

6.0 σ

6.3 σ

6.1 σ


+ Σmν

3.4 σ

5.4 σ

5.6 σ

5.7 σ

6.0 σ

5.9 σ

5.9 σ

5.9 σ


+ Σmν + CPL

0.5 σ

0.0 σ

3.3 σ

3.1 σ

3.2 σ

4.5 σ

4.1 σ

4.5 σ


+ Σmν + Nₑff

1.4 σ

4.0 σ

1.3 σ

4.0 σ

4.3 σ

4.2 σ

5.0 σ

5.1 σ


+ Σmν + ΩK

4.0 σ

5.2 σ

5.2 σ

5.2 σ

5.1 σ

5.3 σ

5.3 σ


+ Σmν + NSIDR

1.7 σ

3.0 σ

1.8 σ

3.7 σ

3.9 σ

3.8 σ

4.8 σ

4.7 σ


mₑ -0.1 σ

1.4 σ

3.3 σ

3.8 σ

3.9 σ

3.8 σ

3.8 σ

3.8 σ


mₑ + Σmν

0.0 σ

1.9 σ

0.4 σ

3.5 σ

3.4 σ

3.5 σ

3.7 σ

3.7 σ


mₑ + ΩK

-0.7 σ

1.8 σ

3.3 σ

1.9 σ

2.8 σ

2.9 σ

2.8 σ

2.8 σ


mₑ + ΩK + Σmν

1.2 σ

1.0 σ

1.3 σ

1.4 σ

1.4 σ

1.4 σ


EDE

1.5 σ

4.2 σ

2.2 σ

3.8 σ

3.7 σ

3.7 σ

3.1 σ

3.1 σ


Majoron

-0.1 σ

3.7 σ

1.4 σ

4.0 σ

4.2 σ

4.3 σ

4.0 σ

4.4 σ

Figure 2: Tension between the H₀ measurement by the SH0ES [25] collaboration and the
marginalised H₀ posterior obtained in this work for each of the considered models and data
combinations. The tension is quantified by QMPCL, see eq. (4.5), and is given in units of σ.
We highlight in bold the cases where the tension level is smaller or equal to 3σ. Note that
empty entries are cases we did not run due to their high computational cost. By convention,
we add a minus sign in the few cases for which the posterior peaks at a value larger than the
SH0ES value.

We also show in figures 4 to 12 the 2D confidence contours on H₀, S₈ and the additional
parameters of each model for the data set combinations DPB, DSPB, DSPBP and DSPABP.17

17We focus on these because they are the most relevant to draw conclusions about the performance of 
each

– 18 –


Models

DS     DSP     DSB     DPB     DSPB    DSPBP    DSPAB   DSPABP


ΛCDM

+Σmν

+Σmν+CPL

+Σmν+ Nₑff

+1.5

−1.5

+5.0

−5.6

+10

−15

+6.2

−7.0

+0.49

−0.50

+1.4

−0.7

+14

−7

+1.9

−1.6

+0.55

−0.56

+0.71

−0.70

+1.7

−2.3

+1.8

−2.5

+0.41

−0.41

+0.53

−0.48

+1.6

−2.4

+0.63

−0.78

+0.37

−0.37

+0.52

−0.44

+1.6

−2.4

+0.65

−0.76

+0.35

−0.38

+0.49

−0.43

+0.78

−0.79

+0.62

−0.76

+0.34

−0.39

+0.58

−0.44

+1.3

−1.7

+0.58

−0.60

+0.34

−0.37

+0.53

−0.42

+0.81

−0.81

+0.57

−0.58


+Σmν + Ωk

—   57.4+4.4

+0.73

−0.74

+0.63

−0.63

+0.64

−0.64

+0.62

−0.62

+0.64

−0.64

+0.62

−0.62


+Σmν + NSIDR

mₑ
mₑ+Σmν
mₑ   + Ωk

+6.7

−6.8

+53

−51

+20

−20

+16

−5

+1.6

−1.4

+10

−13

+2.1

−8.9

+2.1

−9.3

+1.5

−2.2

+1.8

−1.8

+3.3

−3.9

+1.9

−2.6

+0.68

−0.95

+1.1

−1.1

+1.1

−1.2

+2.1

−2.1

+0.70

−0.93

+1.1

−1.1

+1.1

−1.3

+1.9

−1.8

+0.69

−0.92

+1.1

−1.1

+1.1

−1.2

+1.6

−1.6

+0.60

−0.61

+1.1

−1.1

+1.2

−1.2

+1.9

−1.9

+0.57

−0.58

+1.1

−1.1

+1.2

−1.2

+1.6

−1.6


mₑ + Ωk + Σmν

—    —    67.0+4.8

+2.4

−3.9

+2.2

−3.7

+1.8

−2.9

+2.3

−3.7

+2.0

−3.0


EDE

Majoron

+1.7

−2.2

+3.1

−3.7

+0.54

−0.92

+0.62

−0.86

+0.9

−1.6

+1.3

−2.2

+0.52

−0.98

+0.53

−0.77

+0.43

−0.78

+0.48

−0.70

+0.42

−0.79

+0.48

−0.70

+0.6

−1.4

+0.46

−0.64

+0.6

−1.4

+0.48

−0.61

Table 3: Mean values of H₀ in km/s/Mpc for each model and each combination of data set
along with its standard deviation.

Further plots and results are provided in the appendices and supplementary github reposi-
tory [147].

As a general comment, we should highlight that none of the models considered in this
work are preferred over ΛCDM, at least as long as SH0ES data is not taken into account.
Thus, the confidence interval on each extended parameter is always compatible with the
value this parameter would have in the minimal ΛCDM model – that is, a negligible neutrino
mass, a vanishing spatial curvature, a plain cosmological constant, no extra relativistic relics,
a constant electron mass, etc.

5.1  General trends

The level of the Hubble tension has grown significantly over the last couple of years. For
ΛCDM, we find that even without Planck data but with the SPT+BAO combination  SB,
the tension is as large as QMPCL = 5.4σ. For all combinations including at least Planck,
QMPCL fluctuates between 5.9σ and 6.3σ. Since fitting ΛCDM to the data leads to nearly
Gaussian posteriors, the two metrics quantifying the tension give approximately the same
result, with QMPCL = 6.0σ versus QDMAP = 5.8σ for the  SPBP data set. For the more
restricted data set  PB, which was already considered in Table 2 of reference [5], the tension
has grown from QDMAP = 4.1σ in that reference to QDMAP = 5.8σ in the present work. The
only difference between the two analyses is the inclusion of additional BAO data from eBOSS
DR16 and the new SH0ES measurement. We checked that the increase in the tension metrics
is driven by the latter.

In the next sections, we discuss the tension metrics for each of our extensions of ΛCDM.
As a foreword, we stress a few general trends that can be immediately inferred from Table 1.
Here, we limit ourselves to the discussion of the  SPBP data set. Since ΛCDM has a QDMAP =

5.8σ tension with such data, we know that a model solving the tension could in principle

reduce the best-fit χ² by about 5.82 ≃ 34. In the column reporting the ∆χ²  of each model

model.

– 19 –


DS        DSB        DSP        DPB        DSPBP

Planck         SH0ES

ΛCDM

+Σmν

+Σmν+CPL

+Σmν+ Nₑff

+Σmν + ΩK

+Σmν + NSIDR

mₑ

mₑ +Σmν

mₑ + ΩK

mₑ + ΩK + Σmν

EDE

Majoron

60   62   64   66   68   70   72   74   76   78

H₀ [km s−¹ Mpc−¹]

Figure 3: Graphical representation of the first four columns of Table 3, as well as our
baseline data set  SPBP. In particular, we highlight the difference in constraining power
between Planck and SPT-3G 2018 for each studied model.

– 20 –


Models
ΛCDM

+Σmν

+Σmν+CPL

+Σmν+ Nₑff

+Σmν + NSIDR

+Σmν + ΩK

mₑ
mₑ+Σmν
mₑ    + ΩK

mₑ + ΩK + Σmν
EDE

Majoron

Additional Parameters

—

Σmν < 0.16 eV (95%)

Σmν < 0.29 eV (95%), w₀ = −0.97 ± 0.08, wₐ = −0.29 ± 0.39

Σmν < 0.15 eV (95%) , Nₑff < 0.17 (95%)

Σmν < 0.15 eV(95%), NSIDR < 0.16 (95%)

Σmν < 0.17 eV (95%), ΩK = −0.0005 ± 0.0020

mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ = 1.003 ± 0.006

mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ = 1.0057 ± 0.0090, Σmν < 0.29 eV(95%)

mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ = 1.0035 ± 0.0164, ΩK = −0.0005 ± 0.0048

mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ = 1.03 ± 0.03, ΩK = −0.004 ± 0.006, Σmν < 0.48 eV (95%)

θi = 1.8 ± 0.9, log(ac) = −3.8 ± 0.4, fEDE(ac) < 0.06 (95%)

log(mϕ/eV) = 0.2950 ± 0.6598, log(Γₑff) = 0.0556 ± 0.8846, ∆NADR < 0.15 (95%)

Table 4: Updated constraints on additional parameters for each model considered in this
work. We present the mean and standard deviation of each parameter, except for Σmν and
fEDE(ac), for which we present the 95% CL upper bound. These constraints are from the
data set combination DSPBP.

without SH0ES, we see that the extended models considered here provide a very small or
even negligible improvement to the minimum χ². In other words, they do not provide a
significantly better fit to the  SPBP data set, and they are not preferred over ΛCDM when
the SH0ES measurement is disregarded, since they all have a positive ∆AICw/ₒ. This also

implies that the ∆χ² computed with SH0ES data only reflects the reduction of the tension

with SH0ES, and is not a better fit to the other data sets. Thus, we can roughly expect ∆χ²


for a given model to be of the same order of magnitude as Q²

2

DMAP, model

. One

can check that this relation is indeed approximately fulfilled in each line of Table 1.

In particular, a model reducing the tension from the ΛCDM level to a marginally ac-

ceptable level of ∼ 3σ will have a ∆χ² of the order of 32 − 5.82 ≃ 25. Then, as long as this

model has a reasonable number of parameters, it will have a large negative ∆AICw/. We
should not over-interpret this result as a proof that extended models are clearly preferred.
It merely reflects the fact that the tension is so large that any model leading to larger error
bars for H₀ will reduce the minimum χ² by many units and will easily pass the ∆AIC test.
We should thus put more weight on the other metrics, which tell us how compatible a model
is with the full data set, and whether there would be indications in favor of this model even
without SH0ES data.

5.2  Classical extensions of ΛCDM

The first outcome of our work is a confirmation of the findings of ref. [5] that simple extensions
of ΛCDM, which combine neutrinos of arbitrary mass with CPL dynamical dark energy, extra
relativistic relics or spatial curvature, do not ease the Hubble tension.

– 21 –


As a general trend, SPT or SPT+BAO data remain compatible with large H₀ values
in models with massive neutrinos plus dynamical dark energy or extra relativistic relics.
With SPT+BAO data, the mean value of H₀ is even larger than 70 km/s/Mpc in the
ΛCDM+Σmν+Nₑff or NSIDR models (see Table 3, column  SB). However, the combina-
tion of SPT+BAO data contains limited information on the angular scale of the first and
second acoustic peak of the temperature auto-correlation power spectrum .18 When full-
sky Planck data are added, the strong constraining power of these scales brings back the
confidence intervals of H₀ to lower values.

For the category of models considered here, adding SPT data to Planck+BAO data
only marginally affects the results, and actually increases the tension, since the mean values
and error bars on H₀ become systematically smaller (see the first six lines in Figure 2 and
Table 3 and compare the columns  PB and  SPB). Finally, adding ACT data exacerbates
the tension slightly. Thus, we can say that while Planck+BAO data alone already disfavor
large values of H₀ within classical extensions of ΛCDM, the better measurement of the CMB
damping tail by SPT and ACT confirms this trend.

As a result, all classical extension models have QMPCL  3.2σ with SPT+Planck+BAO
data, QMPCL  3.8σ when adding Pantheon data, or QMPCL  4.5σ with the final addition
of ACT data. We can also see in Table 3 that with all data combinations that include at least
Planck+BAO, the mean value of H₀ always remains in the range from 65.5 to 68.5 km/s/Mpc.

More specifically, taking into account the effect of neutrinos with arbitrary mass in a
flat or non-flat cosmology never allows to raise the mean value of H₀ significantly above the
one predicted by ΛCDM. The mean value even tends to be smaller when Σmν is let free.
As a matter of fact, increasing the neutrino mass while fixing the quantities best probed by
CMB anisotropy data (angular scale of the sound horizon, redshift of equality, and baryon-
to-photon ratio) requires a smaller value of H₀. Thus, when fitting most cosmological models
with massive neutrinos to data, one usually observes a negative correlation between Σmν and
H₀. As soon as BAO data is included, the MPCL is no better with the ΛCDM+Σmν(+Ωk)
models than in the minimal ΛCDM case.

On the other hand, when combining the effect of neutrinos with arbitrary mass with
CPL dark energy, we confirm previous results from [50], that is: CMB data alone is com-
patible with a wide degeneracy between Σmν, DE parameters and H₀, and predicts sur-
prisingly large values of H₀, even when the new SPT data is included (with  SP we get
H₀ = 83.3+13.9 km/s/Mpc). But as soon as BAO data is also included, this degeneracy is
lifted and the MPCL metric is high again (for instance, QMPCL = 4.5σ for  SPBP).

Finally, when combining the effect of neutrinos with arbitrary mass and free-streaming
(Nₑff) or self-interacting (NSIDR) Dark Radiation (DR), we confirm that when at least the
Planck data is taken into account, a degeneracy opens up between the DR density parameter
and H₀. As expected, this degeneracy is even stronger when the DR is self-interacting. We
find that the addition of recent SPT data preserves this degeneracy (see Figure 4). For
instance, in the model with SIDR and with SPT+Planck, we get H₀ = (68.0+1.6) km/s/Mpc
and  a reduction of the tension down to QMPCL = 3.0σ. However, the degeneracy is partially
lifted by adding BAO data, such that QMPCL increases to 3.9σ, and totally lifted when further
adding ACT data (QMPCL = 4.8σ): unlike SPT data, ACT measures a CMB damping tail
incompatible with a large DR density (for a study on the compatibility between ACT and
SPT,  see [14]). Focusing on the data set DSPBP, we find that for the SIDR model, the

18The complicated modeling of correlated atmospheric noise across frequencies required removing a 
lot of
the signal on those scales. See Section II of [14] for more details.

– 22 –


Hubble tension remains large according to both metrics, with QMPCL = 3.8σ and QDMAP =
4.0σ. This model is doing better than ΛCDM when the SH0ES likelihood is included, with

∆AICw/ = 13.1, but given the high value of the other metrics it cannot be seen as a solution
to the tension. Thus, Dark Radiation alone (or in combination with massive neutrinos)
cannot solve the Hubble tension, unless additional ingredients are invoked. These could be,
for instance, DR isocurvature modes like in [148], or additional couplings in the dark sector
such as the Majoron [63–65] or the stepped Dark Radiation [149–151] models. However, these
scenarios fall in the category of elaborate models, which we now delve into.

Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO+Pantheon

SPT+Planck+ACT+BAO+Pantheon

0.86

0.84

0.82

0.80

0.2

0.1

0.6

0.4

0.2


66  68  70

H₀

0.80   0.85

S₈

0.1  0.2

Σmν (eV)

0.2  0.4  0.6

NSIDR

Figure 4: ΛCDM+Σmν+NSIDR: marginalised posteriors and 68%/95% CL contours on H₀,
S₈, and the two additional parameters of this model, NSIDR and Σmν. In the top left panel
(H₀ marginalised posterior), the grey bands corresponds to the 68%/95% confidence intervals
on H₀ from Planck [9], while the purple ones correspond to those of SH0ES [25].

5.3  Varying mₑ and its extensions

As mentioned already, the key idea behind this model is that a variation in the electron
mass allows a shift in the time of recombination and opens a new degeneracy in the space of
cosmological parameters [58, 59]. Indeed, if the last scattering surface is shifted, for instance
further away from us, we need to re-adjust essentially all the cosmological parameters to keep
the CMB and Large Scale Structure (LSS) spectra in agreement with observations. These

– 23 –


SPT

Planck
SPT+Planck

1.2

1.0

0.8

0.6

0.4

1.4

1.2

1.0

0.8

0.6


0   100   200

H₀

0.50 0.75 1.00 1.25

S₈

0.6   1.0   1.4

me,early/me,late

Figure 5: Same as Figure 4 for the varying mₑ model and only Planck and SPT data.

re-adjustments include an increase in H₀ (in order to lower the angular diameter distance
to recombination and compensate for the shift in the recombination time). This degeneracy
has similarities with the perfect scaling transformation discussed in [152] but is not exactly
equivalent to it, thus still allowing us to derive bounds on the parameters of this model from
CMB and LSS data.

However, using only CMB information, the degeneracy extends extremely far in param-
eter space, as shown in Figure 5. With its limited information on large and intermediate
angular scales, SPT alone is unable to accurately constrain the distance to the last scattering
surface and is compatible with wide confidence intervals for mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ and all other cor-
related parameters such as H₀. The posterior peaks in mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ  1.2, corresponding
to  a value of H₀ even larger than the one measured by SH0ES. Planck alone can constrain
the distance to last scattering much better, but along the direction of degeneracy, the pos-
terior remains wide enough to encompass both the ΛCDM case (mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ = 1, H₀
67 km/s/Mpc) and tension-solving models (mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ  1.05, H₀  73 km/s/Mpc). One
actually needs to add BAO data in order to really resolve the degeneracy and get definite
predictions, for instance mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ = 1.0046  0.0089 and H₀ = 67.8  1.1km/s/Mpc
for SPT+Planck+BAO (68%CL), which brings us back to a tension of QMPCL = 3.7σ. In
summary, most of the constraining power for this model comes from BAO data, such that
the new CMB information contained in SPT and ACT data does not play a significant role.

– 24 –


Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO+Pantheon

SPT+Planck+ACT+BAO+Pantheon

0.85

0.80

1.04

1.02

1.00

0.98

0.4

0.2


66 68 70 72

H₀

0.80   0.85

S₈

1.00 1.02

me,early/me,late

0.2  0.4

Σmν (eV)

Figure 6: Same as Figure 4 for the varying mₑ+Σmν model.

In ref. [5], this model passed (shortly) the 3σ threshold for all tension metrics and won
a “golden medal”. In our analysis, the prediction of this model for H₀ from CMB alone has
hardly changed, but due to updated BAO and SH0ES measurements, the tension has grown
significantly, with QMPCL  3.7σ for any data combination that includes at least Planck
and  BAO data (see Figure 2). For the  SPBP data set, the model has a nearly Gaussian
H₀ posterior and reaches QDMAP = 3.9σ and QMPCL = 3.8σ, well above the 3σ threshold

adopted in [5] and in this work for considering a test as passed. Finally, the minimum ∆χ² of

this model compared to ΛCDM is -18.0, which gives ∆AICw/ = 16.0. As previously stated,
this outcome is mainly due to the improved SH0ES measurements, which make ΛCDM even
less favored compared to the varying mₑ model. When removing the SH0ES likelihood, the

model is performing as well as ΛCDM (∆χ²  = 0.0), albeit with the penalty of an additional

parameter (∆AICw/ₒ=2.0).

Next, we include the neutrino mass in the list of varying parameters, which results in a
combination that, to our knowledge, has not been probed before. Interestingly, Figure 6 shows
that in this case, the parameters H₀, Σmν and mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ are all positively correlated
– while in simpler models the correlation between Σmν and H₀ is usually negative. In the
absence of Planck data, that is, with SPT alone or SPT+BAO data, this model is perfectly
compatible with the SH0ES measurement. However, as soon as Planck data is included,

– 25 –


Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO+Pantheon

SPT+Planck+ACT+BAO+Pantheon

0.86

0.84

0.82

0.80

1.05

1.00

0.95


0.01

0.00

−0.01

−0.02

65  70  75

H₀

0.80    0.85

S₈

1.00 1.05

me,early/me,late

−0.01  0.01

ΩK

Figure 7: Same as Figure 4 for the varying mₑ + Ωk model.

the ΛCDM+mₑ+Σmν model hardly improves over the ΛCDM+mₑ one, with tension levels
reduced from  3.8σ to  3.5σ only. The two ∆AIC metrics show that this model does not
fit CMB, BAO, and SN Ia data better than ΛCDM, while in the presence of SH0ES data, it
is preferred over ΛCDM at the same level as the previous model with fixed neutrino mass.
Therefore, in this case, allowing the neutrino mass to vary makes no significant difference.

On the other hand, there is a well-known degeneracy between H₀, mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ and
ΩK allowing to reach larger values of mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ – and thus also of H₀ [59]. The ΛCDM
model features a positive correlation between H₀ and ΩK, due to their opposite effect on the
angular diameter distance to recombination. However, with a fixed recombination time, the
“geometrical degeneracy” between H₀ and ΩK is broken by the measurement of CMB and
BAO peaks at different redshifts. This is no longer the case when the recombination time
also depends on a free parameter like mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ. In this case, the correlation between
H₀ and ΩK even changes sign. Interestingly, compared to the results of ref. [5], we find that
recent SPT-3G data play a significant role in disfavoring models with the highest values of
mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ and H₀, and thus with the smallest values of ΩK. This is likely due to a lifting
of the “geometrical degeneracy” by additional information contained in SPT-3G polarization
data on intermediate scales. Furthermore, this is clearly visible in Figure 7 when comparing
the Planck+BAO contours with the SPT+Planck+BAO ones. With Planck+BAO data
alone, this model predicts H₀ = 69.1 ± 2.1 km/s/Mpc. Compared to ΛCDM, it reduces the

– 26 –


Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO+Pantheon

SPT+Planck+ACT+BAO+Pantheon

0.85

0.80

0.75

1.2

1.1

1.0

0.02

0.00

−0.02

1.5

1.0

0.5


70   80

H₀

0.75  0.80  0.85

S₈

1.0  1.1  1.2

me,early/me,late

−0.02 0.00

ΩK

0.5  1.0  1.5

Σmν(eV)

Figure 8: Same as Figure 4 for the varying mₑ + Ωk + Σmν model.

Hubble tension thanks to a shift in both the mean and error on H₀, such that QMPCL = 1.9σ.
The inclusion of SPT data reduces both the mean and error, with H₀ = 67.7+1.9 km/s/Mpc,
and the tension raises to QMPCL = 2.8σ. Among the models considered in this work, this is
the one for which the addition of SPT data to Planck+BAO has the biggest impact. Further
adding Pantheon or ACT data marginally affects the tension level.

Furthermore, ref. [5] found that the ΛCDM+mₑ+ΩK model reduces the Hubble tension
roughly to the 2σ level (with ∆GT = 2.0 and QDMAP = 1.9). With the addition of SPT,
eBOSS DR16, and new SH0ES data, we find that the tension is only reduced to the  3σ
level (QMPCL = 2.9σ and QDMAP = 3.1σ for SPBP). Still, the model has a very good metric

∆AICw/ =  20.7. So, if we consider a 3σ tension as marginally acceptable, this model
does pass our tests. In reality, this just means that ΛCDM+mₑ+ΩK remains marginally
compatible with all our data sets. The model only owes its success to its very large error bar

– 27 –


on H₀ = 68.2  1.6 km/s/Mpc for  SPBP and does not provide a better fit to the data in
the absence of SH0ES (∆AICw/ₒ = +3.0). Thus, with current data, this model can hardly
be considered an appealing explanation for the tension.

Finally, varying additionally the neutrino mass does make a difference (see Figure 8).
It appears that a combined variation of the three additional parameters mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ, ΩK
and Σmν together with ΛCDM parameters allows to remain in agreement with all data sets
up to very large Hubble parameter values. The unusual positive correlation between Σmν
and H₀ is even stronger in this case than in the flat ΛCDM+mₑ+Σmν model. For the  SPBP
set, the mean value of H₀ is significantly increased compared to the ΛCDM prediction, with
H₀ = 69.8+1.9km/s/Mpc. The MPCL and DMAP metrics are relatively different from each
other, consistently with the fact that the H₀ posterior is strongly non-Gaussian. However,
they are both below the 3σ threshold, with QMPCL = 1.5 and QDMAP = 3.0 (technically,
2.96). Thus, this model is even more compatible with all data sets when Σmν is varied
rather than fixed to 0.06 eV. However, in none of these two cases does the model provide
a better fit to CMB, BAO, and Pantheon data, since in both cases the minimum χ² only

decreases by one unit (see ∆χ²  column in Table 1). When the neutrino mass is varied, the

best-fit χ² to the full data set including SH0ES is slightly lower (by  1) but the ∆AICw/
metric is slightly worse (by +1) due to the additional free parameter (see ∆AICw/ column in
Table 1 for mₑ +ΩK and mₑ +ΩK +Σmν). Moreover, although the best-fitting value of Σmν is
close to zero for the  SPBP set, large values of H₀ close to  73 km/s/Mpc require relatively
heavy neutrinos with Σmν  0.1 to 0.3 eV, a slightly positive spatial curvature K such that
ΩK   0.015 to  0.010, and a decrease of the electron mass between recombination and
today by a few percent with mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ  1.05 to 1.08.

Given the precision of current data, there are not so many cosmological scenarios com-
patible with large values of the summed neutrino mass. This model provides a noticeable
exception, with a 95%CL upper bound Σmν < 0.48 eV for the  SPBP data set. This bound is
three times looser than in the ΛCDM+Σmν model, but still too strong to allow for a signifi-
cant detection of the effective electron neutrino mass with the KATRIN19 experiment [153].
We conclude that the ΛCDM+mₑ+ΩK+Σmν model passes the MPCL, DMAP, and

AIC (with SH0ES) tests. While it is still not a convincing explanation of the tension, since
it does not improve the goodness-of-fit to the data in the absence of SH0ES, it would still be
interesting to investigate with future data, e.g. with improved CMB polarization measure-
ments.

5.4  Early Dark Energy

A few interesting features appear for this model when looking at Table 3. First, the strongest
constraints come mainly from CMB data, particularly from Planck. Comparing DSP and
DSPB, we see only a slight decrease in error bars, with the mean value barely changing.

Second, we see that the combination DSPB puts significantly tighter constrains on the

Hubble rate (H₀ = 68.14+0.43 km/s/Mpc) than DPB (H₀ = 68.3+0.52 km/s/Mpc). This

sounds paradoxical at first sight, because SPT data alone or even SPT+BAO data are not
very constraining on H₀ compared to Planck+BAO, and even suggest a higher mean value
than Planck+BAO. However, the very same behavior was noticed and documented in [110]
(fourth-to-last paragraph). One can get more insight into this by comparing the 2D confidence
contours on all parameters in the Planck+BAO and SPT+BAO cases. The later contours

19katrin.kit.edu

– 28 –


Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO+Pantheon

SPT+Planck+ACT+BAO+Pantheon

0.86

0.83

0.80

0.15

0.10

0.05

4.5

4.0

3.5

3.0

2

1


67.5 70.0

H₀

0.80  0.85

S₈

0.05   0.15

fₑdₑ(ac)

3    4      1   2

log10 zc      θi

Figure 9: Same as Figure 4 for the EDE model.

are overall wider, and usually encompassing the former. However, the SPT+BAO data set
is better fitted by higher values of log₁₀ zc and smaller values of S₈ (or equivalently As) than
the Planck+BAO data. In this particular parameter space, the contours only have a small
overlap in a region which turns out to be consistent only with small values of H₀. This
explains why the combined data set is more constraining than each individual data set, even
if  the individual ones are statistically compatible with each other.

Overall, the combination of recent data reduces the ability of the EDE model to reach
large values of H₀ compared to older analyses. For our reference  SPBP data set, the MPCL
metric gives QMPCL = 3.7σ. However, the DMAP metric conveys a slightly different message,
since QDMAP = 2.7σ. The fact that these two numbers differ significantly is consistent, first,
with the strong non-Gaussianity of the H₀ posterior for this model, and second, with the well-
known “prior volume effect” that frequently occurs in Bayesian parameter estimation [154,

– 29 –


Planck+BAO
ACT+Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO

0.88

0.84

0.80

0.15

0.10

0.05

4.5

4.0

3.5

3.0

2

1


67  70  73

H₀

0.80  0.85

S₈

0.05  0.15

fₑdₑ(ac)

3    4      1   2

log10 zc      θi

Figure 10: Same as Figure 9 with a focus on the impact of SPT data compared to that of
ACT.

155].

This effect is particularly important for models in which one parameter accounts for

the presence (or absence) of an ingredient, which is not required by the data with high
significance. In our case, this parameter is the EDE fraction, fEDE, whose posterior is
compatible with zero. When fₑdₑ   0, the EDE field has no observable impact, i.e. we
are back to ΛCDM, but the parameters θi and zc can still take any possible value. We see
in Figure 9 that many models within the confidence contours have a very small fEDE and
a wide range of possible values for the EDE parameters θi and log₁₀ zc. Large values of
H₀ reducing the Hubble tension require specific values of (θi, log₁₀ zc), close to (2.8, 3.5),
but in the H₀ posterior, smaller values of H₀ are strongly enhanced by the marginalisation
over other values of (θi, log₁₀ zc), which are unconstrained in the fEDE → 0 (or equivalently

– 30 –


ΛCDM) limit. In order to avoid this effect, several works switched to grid sampling or profile
likelihood studies [104, 105, 156] (see [73] for more detailed discussion).

In summary, the EDE model has a reasonably small QDMAP value because the best
fit to the full data set returns a relatively good χ². On the other hand, we find a much
larger QMPCL because the Bayesian H₀ posterior is enhanced for small values of H₀ by the
marginalisation over allowed models close to ΛCDM. In this case, giving more credit to one
or    the other metric becomes a matter of taste. The Bayesians will stress the fact that EDE
models providing a good fit to all data sets are unlikely. The frequentists will instead give
credit to the observation that there exist some parameter values for the EDE model such
that the tension gets reduced to the 2.7σ level. Once more, we see that different metrics play
a complementary role. Here, we remain agnostic and we consider that models for which one
of the MPCL or DMAP metrics remains below the 3σ level provide an acceptable reduction
of the tension.

It should also be noted that, since QMPCL is strongly affected by Bayesian volume
effects, we would find different values of this estimator if we adopted different top-hat prior
edges on the parameters (θi, log₁₀ zc): if we had some particular reasons to assume narrower
priors, QMPCL would shrink and possibly become as small as QDMAP.

Looking at the goodness-of-fit of the EDE model compared to ΛCDM, we find that the
EDE model is the only one in our list reducing the best-fit χ² to all-but-SH0ES data by

more than one unit, with ∆χ²  = −4.6. However, this provides no hint that the model is

a significantly better fit to all-but-SH0ES data because the EDE model has three additional
free parameters and a positive ∆AICw/ₒ = +1.4. However, this ability to reduce slightly
the best-fit χ² to CMB, BAO, and supernovae data leads to the best AIC among all our
considered models when SH0ES data is included, with ∆AICw/ =  25.1. Once more, one
should take this result with a grain of salt, since it mainly reflects the high level of tension
of the ΛCDM case.

We finally consider the inclusion of ACT-DR4 data [68, 69, 71]. Like several previous
works (see [73] and citations within), we find that these data are slightly more compatible
with large values of the EDE fraction. In Figure 10, we show the result of an additional
run with Planck+ACT+BAO data, in which a value of fₑdₑ  0.1 is excluded at the < 2σ
level for Planck+ACT+BAO, while it is at more than 3σ when ACT is not added. In the
same Figure, one can look at the contours in the (θi, log₁₀ zc) space. With Planck and SPT
data, these parameters are loosely constrained, since most of the allowed models lay very
close to the ΛCDM limit. Thus, the contours have an extended and complicated shape.
In the presence of ACT data, the contours narrow down around (θi, log₁₀ zc)  (2.8, 3.5),
that is, around the values for which a fraction of EDE can contribute to the expansion rate
before photon recombination, becoming more compatible with high values of H₀. When
Planck, SPT, and ACT are taken into account together, SPT and ACT data have marginally
antagonist effects on the fEDE posterior and the fit favors a compromise region in parameter
space. The MPCL metric gets reduced from 3.7 to 3.1 when adding ACT data to  SPB.
Thus, like previous authors, we find that SPT-3G and ACT-DR4 data contain some slightly
contradictory information on high-ℓ multipoles that push the allowed fraction of EDE in
opposite directions, such that this model would appear as a better solution to the Hubble
tension if ACT was trusted more than SPT, and vice versa. It will be interesting to update
this comparison when new ACT data will be released.

– 31 –


Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO+Pantheon

SPT+Planck+ACT+BAO+Pantheon

0.85

0.80


1

0

−1

−0.2

−0.4

−0.6

−0.8

0.4

0.3

0.2

0.1

68  70

H₀

0.81 0.84

S₈

−1 0  1

log(Γₑff)

−0.7 −0.3

log(mφ /eV)

0.2  0.4

NADR

Figure 11: Same as Figure 4 for the Majoron model, with a prior mϕ < 1 eV to single out
the small-mass scenario.

5.5 Majoron

The first thing to be noticed about the Majoron model is that, when fitted to data combi-
nations including at least Planck and BAO, it may return a bi-modal posterior, with one
preferred region corresponding to a Majoron mass mϕ < 1 eV and another one to mϕ > 3 eV.
Bi-modal posteriors are notoriously difficult to sample with the Metropolis-Hastings algo-
rithm. We circumvent this problem by presenting separately the posteriors and contours
obtained with a prior  1  log(mϕ/eV)  0 (see Figure 11) or 0  log(mϕ/eV)  1 (see
Figure 12). In each case, the posterior is unimodal.

To assess the relevance of each region of parameter space, we can simply compare the
minimum χ² within the MCMC for each of the two priors. (The minimum χ²’s from MCMC
chains are not as stable and robust as the ones we obtained for previous models using a specific

– 32 –


Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO+Pantheon

SPT+Planck+ACT+BAO+Pantheon

0.85

0.80

1

0

−1

0.8

0.6

0.4

0.2


0.4

0.3

0.2

0.1

68  70

H₀

0.81 0.84

S₈

−1 0  1

log(Γₑff)

0.2 0.5 0.8

log(mφ /eV)

0.2  0.4

NADR

Figure 12: Same as Figure 11 with a prior mϕ > 1 eV to single out the large-mass scenario.

minimisation algorithm, but they are indicative enough for the purpose of this section.) For
Planck and BAO alone, the two cases have a very similar minimum χ² and the corresponding
regions in parameter space can be roughly considered as equally likely. However, when adding
SPT and then SNIa data, we find that the low-mass region is preferred. Thus, in the various
tables, we report the results based on this case. Note that the Hubble parameter does not
correlate with mϕ, such that the H₀ posterior is very similar in the two cases.

To gain some physical insight into this model, we can think of it as effectively equivalent
to a combination of the ΛCDM+Nₑff and ΛCDM+NSIDR ones, with additional parameters
tuning the evolution of the density of both free-streaming and self-interacting relativistic
relics as a function of time. Thus, it is natural to compare the performance of this model to
the former ones. We should however keep in mind that in previous sections, we varied Nₑff

– 33 –


or NSIDR in combination with Σmν, while here we neglect neutrino masses for simplicity.20
However, in the ΛCDM+Σmν+Nₑff and ΛCDM+Σmν+NSIDR models, we did not observe a
correlation between the radiation density parameter and the summed neutrino mass. Thus,
it    is still fair to compare the Majoron scenario to the former models. However, we should not
compare the posterior of NADR directly with that of ∆Nₑff or NSIDR, because even in the
absence of additional dark radiation (NADR = 0) the Majoron scenario already predicts an
enhancement of Nₑff with respect to the standard value 3.044, which is caused, first, by the
density  of Majoron produced by inverse neutrino decay, and later on, by that of additional
active neutrinos produced by the Majoron decay.

One can check in Figure 2 that depending on the data set, the Majoron model performs
either a bit better or a bit worse than the ΛCDM+Σmν+Nₑff and ΛCDM+Σmν+NSIDR
models as far as the reduction of the tension is concerned. However, it does not bring any
decisive improvement. With the  PB data set, we find QMPCL = 4.0σ, which is significantly
worse than the result obtained in [5] also with Planck+BAO data, ∆GT = 2.7σ. This
degradation is not only caused by the more recent BAO and SH0ES data used in the current
analysis but also by the more accurate modeling of the Majoron scenario (based on the work
of refs. [157, 158]), in the updated branch of CLASS developed by the authors of [74] and used
in this work. Additionally, we find that the tension slightly increases when adding SPT data,
with QMPCL = 4.2σ for  SPB. For our reference data set,  SPBP, we find QMPCL = 4.3σ.
One may notice that, like in the EDE case, the situation improves a bit when including
ACT-DR4 data, with QMPCL = 4.0σ for  SPAB. However, when adding also Pantheon data,
we  are back to QMPCL = 4.4σ. We conclude that the Majoron model is no longer able to
bring the Hubble tension down to acceptable values, and we do not compute other tension
metrics for this model.

5.6  Update on the S₈ Tension


Models
ΛCDM

+Σmν

+Σmν+CPL

+Σmν+ Nₑff

+Σmν + NSIDR

+Σmν + Ωk
mₑ
mₑ+Σmν
mₑ + Ωk

mₑ + Ωk + Σmν
EDE

Majoron

DS        DSP       DSB       DPB       DSPB       DSPBP      DSPAB      DSPABP

0.798 ± 0.042  0.830 ± 0.012  0.819 ± 0.017  0.830 ± 0.012  0.828 ± 0.010  0.826 ± 0.010  0.832 ± 
0.009  0.830 ± 0.010

0.772 ± 0.045  0.830 ± 0.012  0.776 ± 0.037  0.828 ± 0.011  0.827 ± 0.011  0.826 ± 0.011  0.829 ± 
0.010  0.829 ± 0.010

0.761 ± 0.060  0.774 ± 0.033  0.779 ± 0.039  0.837 ± 0.014  0.834 ± 0.014  0.826 ± 0.012  0.835 ± 
0.016  0.827 ± 0.012

0.772 ± 0.048  0.830 ± 0.012  0.785 ± 0.044  0.831 ± 0.011  0.828 ± 0.012  0.828 ± 0.011  0.830 ± 
0.010  0.829 ± 0.010

0.769 ± 0.049  0.825 ± 0.012  0.780 ± 0.042  0.827 ± 0.011  0.825 ± 0.011  0.825 ± 0.011  0.828 ± 
0.010  0.828 ± 0.010

—    0.873 ± 0.025  0.763 ± 0.041  0.829 ± 0.011  0.827 ± 0.011  0.826 ± 0.011  0.824 ± 0.011  
0.828 ± 0.010

0.687 ± 0.155 0.943 ± 0.081 0.806 ± 0.029 0.829 ± 0.010 0.828 ± 0.010 0.827 ± 0.010 0.830 ± 0.010 
0.829 ± 0.009

0.727 ± 0.071  0.873 ± 0.040  0.709 ± 0.064  0.827 ± 0.012  0.824 ± 0.013  0.824 ± 0.012  0.825 ± 
0.013  0.824 ± 0.013

0.770 ± 0.062  0.878 ± 0.041  0.810 ± 0.030  0.828 ± 0.010  0.828 ± 0.010  0.827 ± 0.010  0.830 ± 
0.010  0.828 ± 0.010

—       —    0.731 ± 0.072  0.814 ± 0.021  0.816 ± 0.020  0.816 ± 0.018  0.816 ± 0.021  0.816 ± 
0.019

0.797 ± 0.044  0.832 ± 0.013  0.819 ± 0.023  0.832 ± 0.012  0.830 ± 0.011  0.829 ± 0.011  0.837 ± 
0.012  0.836 ± 0.012

0.792 ± 0.044  0.829 ± 0.012  0.847 ± 0.022  0.835 ± 0.011  0.832 ± 0.010  0.832 ± 0.010  0.837 ± 
0.010  0.836 ± 0.010

Table 5: Mean values and 68%CL credible interval of S₈ for each model and each combination
of data. The values for the reference data set DSPBP are highlighted in bold.

20As mentioned in section 3, we use a version of CLASS developed by [74] that does not include yet 
the case
in which the Majoron interacts with massive neutrinos.

– 34 –


DS       DSB       DSP       DPB       DSPBP

KiDS  Planck

ΛCDM

+Σmν

+Σmν+CPL

+Σmν + Nₑff

+Σmν + NSIDR

+Σmν + ΩK

mₑ

mₑ +Σmν

mₑ + ΩK

mₑ + ΩK + Σmν

EDE

Majoron

0.5       0.6       0.7       0.8       0.9      1.0

S₈

Figure 13: Graphical representation of the first four columns of Table 5, as well as our
baseline data set  SPBP. In particular, we highlight the difference in constraining power
between Planck and SPT-3G 2018 for each studied model.

– 35 –


Since it is also important to check that models ease the Hubble tension without wors-
ening the S₈ one, we computed the Gaussian tension on S₈ for each model and data set.
The mean value of S₈ and its credible intervals are reported in Table 5, with a graphical
representation in Figure 13.

Different weak lensing surveys and analysis pipelines derive bounds on S₈ that are com-
patible with each other but correspond to significantly different tension levels. For instance,

one can use the KiDS measurement S₈ = 0.766+0.020 (68%CL, [159]) as a reference and

estimate the S₈ tension using the Gaussian tension metric. Then, we find that for all the
models we study, including ΛCDM, the tension remains below 3σ for the  SPBP data set.
Indeed, in this case, ΛCDM is in 2.7σ tension, while the highest value (2.9σ) is reached by the
Majoron model. Note also that the value S₈ = 0.766 reported by KiDS is a mean posterior
value obtained from an asymmetric posterior. In such a case, the Gaussian tension metric
should be taken with caution.

On the other hand, one could use instead the fiducial analysis of the joint DES-Y3
plus KiDS-1000 data, reported in the first line of Table 4 of ref. [160]. For our purpose of
estimating the Gaussian tension, we should ideally use the maximum of the S₈ posterior
as   a reference value. The joint DES+KiDS analysis provides such statistics and reports
S₈ = 0.792+0.017 (68%CL, Table 4 of [160], column “Maximum Marginal”). This corresponds
to a 1.7σ Gaussian tension with respect to  SPBP for ΛCDM, while it is 2σ for the Majoron
model. In this case, there is essentially no S₈ tension in any of the studied models. Given
these differences, we refrain from stating explicitly an S₈ tension level for each model.

The level of S₈ tension reported here should be regarded as indicative only. Indeed, the
S₈ measurements reported by DES or KiDS were obtained under the assumption of a simple
cosmology (namely, ΛCDM, including a free neutrino mass in some cases). In principle, for
a  more accurate statement, S₈ should be inferred from raw weak lensing data for each of the
extended cosmologies considered here. This goes far beyond the scope of this paper.

6  Conclusions

This work presents updated constraints from cosmological data on several extensions of the
minimal ΛCDM model. These extensions feature combinations of physical ingredients such
as neutrino masses, spatial curvature, dynamical dark energy, extra relativistic relics with
different interaction properties (free-streaming, self-interacting), interactions in the active
neutrino sector as predicted by a Majoron scenario [63–65], a time-varying electron mass [55,
58, 59], or Early Dark Energy [60–62]. We derive constraints on the additional parameters
of these models, and we focus on various approaches to quantify their potential to solve the
Hubble tension in light of recent SH0ES results [25]. Compared to previous studies [4, 5],
our work contains three new features. Firstly, we included more recent data sets, like CMB
temperature and polarization data from SPT-3G 2018 TT/ TE/EE [72, 73], additional BAO
data from eBOSS DR16 [17], and updated SH0ES data [25]. In particular, the scenarios
considered in this work had not been confronted before to the new SPT-3G data – except
for EDE, see [72, 73, 110]. Secondly, we studied the effect of curvature, extra relativistic
relics, dynamical dark energy, or a time-varying electron mass in the framework of a baseline
ΛCDM+Σmν scenario with arbitrary neutrino mass, while previous works fixed the total
mass to its minimum allowed value (Σmν = 0.06 eV), which is arbitrary. Thirdly, we proved
that we are able to obtain consistent results in a much shorter time when performing our

– 36 –


Bayesian parameter inference with an Einstein-Boltzmann code emulator [131] that trains
itself on the fly for each model and data set during a standard MCMC run.

We found that classical extensions of ΛCDM featuring combinations of massive neutri-
nos, spatial curvature, dynamical dark energy, or extra relativistic relics are unable to ease
the Hubble tension in light of new data. In particular, the self-interacting dark radiation
model, which obtained a “bronze medal” in the previous ranking proposed in [5], is now
unable to bring the tension below the 4σ level. This degradation is driven by new BAO and
SH0ES data and enhanced by ACT data. Given their plausible physical motivations, these
models would still be interesting to study on their own, assuming that the Hubble tension
vanishes or can be explained with another ingredient. However, they cannot be considered a
viable solution to the Hubble tension.

We then switched to the study of more elaborate scenarios that have been recently
advertised as possible solutions to the Hubble tension. In the latter category, we found that
assuming a time-varying electron mass (in the framework of the minimal ΛCDM or of the
ΛCDM+Σmν) decreases the tension level but is no longer able to bring it below the 3σ level:
this  model loses the “silver medal” awarded in [5]. It was already well-known that adding
spatial curvature as an additional ingredient is particularly relevant in this case because of an
interesting parameter degeneracy between H₀, mₑ,ₑₐrly/mₑ,lₐtₑ and ΩK. We confirm this, and
we  also find for the first time that varying the neutrino mass is also relevant in this context
since the degeneracy is significantly stronger in the presence of massive neutrino effects. Thus
the models with varying mₑ +ΩK and varying mₑ +ΩK +Σmν reduce the Hubble tension to a
statistically significant level, respectively below the 3σ and 2σ levels (see Figure 2). However
we should stress that the success of these models comes mainly from increasing the error
bar on H₀, with highly non-Gaussian posterior distributions (see figures 7 -11), rather than
shifting the mean of the posterior to larger values of the Hubble parameter close to the mean
SH0ES value (although the varying mₑ + ΩK + Σmν does raise the predicted mean value of
H₀ close to 70 km/s/Mpc, see tables 1 and 3). Finally, the EDE model is also able to reduce
the Hubble tension below the 3σ level as long as we take into account the frequentist DMAP
metric (in this case, the Bayesian MPCL metric is penalised by strong prior volume effects,
as already discussed in previous works [110]). However, like in the varying mₑ + ΩK case,
the EDE model owes its success to larger error bars on H₀ rather than to an increase in the
mean predicted H₀ value, unless ACT-DR4 data are also included in the analysis.

We conclude that the varying mₑ+ΩK(+Σmν) and EDE models are still valid candidates
to solve the Hubble tension. Of course, we make such a statement on a purely phenomenolog-
ical and cosmological-data-driven basis. We should remind the reader that, if taken seriously,
these models would raise several theoretical challenges from the point of view of high-energy
physics or early-universe physics. Discussing these challenges is far beyond the scope and
spirit of this paper. Besides, from a purely phenomenological perspective, we have seen that,
even if these models can reduce the Hubble tension, they appear as ad-hoc solutions, since
there is no hint in their favor apart from the Hubble tension itself, and unpredictive solutions,
since they accommodate rather than predict a large H₀. Thus, we clearly need more data
and perhaps further theoretical modeling to give them a final assessment.

In the future, we will be revisiting these models and other elaborate ones with upcoming
data from SPT-3G and ACT. We already saw in this work that SPT-3G 2018 data brings very
interesting constraints, but there is even much more information to expect from forthcoming
releases [13, 14]. Having now validated our on-the-fly emulator, we will be able to update
constraints and assess Hubble tension levels for a growing number of models with a decreased

– 37 –


amount of computational effort.

Acknowledgments

We would like to thank Miguel Escudero, Stefan Sandner, Nils Schöneberg, Tristan Smith,
Vivian Poulin, and Sam Witte for interesting discussions and their modified versions of
CLASS. We also thank Erik De la Haye, Christian Fidler, and Markus Mosbech for their
useful comments. We thank as well Lennart Balkenhol, Federica Guidi, Etienne Camphius
and Eric Hivon from the SPT collaboration at the Institut d’Astrophysique de Paris (IAP)
for fruitful conversations. This work has made use of the Infinity Cluster hosted by IAP.
Sven Günther acknowledges support from the DFG grant LE 3742/6-1. Simulations were
performed with computing resources granted by RWTH Aachen University under projects
rwth1302, rwth1305, and thes1348. This work has received funding from the French Centre
National d’Etudes Spatiales (CNES). This project has received funding from the European
Research Council (ERC) under the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation
programme (grant agreement No 101001897)

Appendices

A  Accelerating MCMC runs using an online learning emulator

In this appendix, we provide further details about two cases where the emulator was used
for the analysis pipeline of this work. In appendix A.1, we discuss the performance of the
emulator-assisted posterior inference and illustrate its accuracy for two examples of MCMC
analyses. In appendix A.2, we outline our approach to find best-fit models by performing a
χ² minimization. For the first task, we find that the emulator speeds up the pipeline by at
least one order of magnitude, and for the second task, by two orders of magnitude.

A.1  Comparing Emulator Results with usual MCMC

In ref.[131], it was shown that the emulator can reliably overcome the bottleneck of Bayesian
analysis, which is usually the execution of the Boltzmann code. We confirm this in the present
context. We find that, when using the emulator, the total run time is dominated by the
evaluation of the CMB likelihoods. In fact, in each run using the emulator, the accumulated
execution time of the likelihood codes exceeds the combined run time of gathering training
data, training the emulator, and providing the emulated spectra to the sampler. For example,
when running an MCMC with the emulator on the ΛCDM+Σmν+Nₑff model with the  SPB
data set, while requiring a convergence of R  1 < 0.01 with 8 chains using 1 core each, we
find that each chain spends about 22 CPUh on the SPT likelihood, 9 CPUh on the Planck
likelihood, 1 CPUh on calling CLASS to generate 300-500 spectra, and 1 CPUh on training
and evaluating the emulator. Without the emulator, about 90% of the time is spent on
calling CLASS. Thus, the achievable speed-up factor can be roughly approximated by the
ratio of the evaluation time of the theory and likelihood code.21 In this work, we find that
the exact speed-up factor is model and data-set dependent, and we find speed-up factors of

21Note that this is only an approximate estimate, not taking into account the fact that the number 
of calls
to the theory code can be lowered by different strategy (like the use of fast-slow parameters), as 
described
in [161].

– 38 –


about 10 to 20.22 In principle, the speed-up factor could be further improved by accelerating
the likelihood codes [162] or utilizing more efficient sampling algorithms (as done in [134]).

For all the models discussed in this work and for the  SPB data set, we have systemat-
ically performed two MCMC runs starting from the same initial conditions (usually, from a
guessed covariance matrix providing a poor approximation to the optimal proposal density,
especially for the parameter of the extended models). One run called the Boltzmann code
systematically for each new model, while the other run used the scheme described in ref. [131]
in   which calls to the Boltzmann code are gradually replaced by calls to the emulator. For
all models, the two runs provided identical contours, means, and confidence limits (after
rounding numbers in such a way as to keep two significant digits in the error bars).

In Figure 14, we compare the posteriors for the varying mₑ+ΩK model using the SPBP
data set defined in (4.1). The background (orange) lines and contours were obtained with
Cobaya running in standard mode, that is, with systematic calls to the Boltzmann code, and
the foreground (blue) ones with the emulator mode switched on. We find excellent agreement
between the posterior estimates and conclude that the emulator can accurately describe all
the relevant effects of this model at the level of CMB power spectra. Note that our method
implies that each MCMC builds independently its emulator on the fly. In the present case, for
each of our eight chains, the emulator accumulated 400-700 simulations for its own training
and was used 60,000-70,000 times to emulate the CMB observables. Thus, by using the
emulator, we could avoid  99% of the simulations (that is, of the calls to CLASS).

In Figure 15, we check that there is still an excellent level of agreement between the
posterior estimates for the Majoron model using the same data set. This case is particularly
challenging because the contours are highly non-Gaussian. Since our emulator assesses its own
level of uncertainty, a complicated posterior shape automatically leads to more simulation
calls. For the Majoron model, each chain required 1100-1700 CLASS calls and 70,000-90,000
emulator calls.

A.2  Minimization and best-fit models

In order to evaluate some of our tension metrics (see section 4.3) for a given model and data
set, we need to determine the best fit by minimizing the effective χ² =  2 ln  (where

is the likelihood). For this purpose, we use the BOBYQA [163, 164] algorithm implemented
in COBAYA. We have set the tolerance parameter (i.e. the parameter that determines the
convergence of the minimization, called rhoend in BOBYQA) to be 0.005. Moreover, we perform
104 minimizations for each model to ensure a sufficient exploration of the parameter space
to find the global minimum, rather than some random local minimum. We sample the initial
points from a Gaussian fit to the posterior distribution for both cosmological and nuisance
parameters.

However, minimization remains a difficult and computationally expensive task. It is
further complicated by numerical noise in the Einstein-Boltzmann solver, which originates
from ordinary differential equation solvers, from the discrete sampling of integrands, and from
the discrete switching of approximation schemes in the code. As a matter of fact, the default
precision parameters in Boltzmann codes like CLASS or CAMB are chosen to have the smallest
possible execution time while ensuring unbiased estimates of means and confidence limits in
MCMC runs. Since the analysis of MCMCs tends to smooth out random numerical noise,
the precision settings are not optimised to remove such noise down to a very small level. To

22The run times on 1 core are ∼ 10s (CLASS), ∼ 0.1s (SPT, Planck). However, the ratio of nuisance
parameters to cosmological parameters is about 3 to 5.

– 39 –


do minimization, it is possible to improve the precision settings of these codes to lower the
numerical noise by about one order of magnitude, which is sufficient for obtaining smoother
profile likelihoods and removing artificial local maxima created by random noise. However,
in this case, the codes become extremely slow, such that performing many minimization is
prohibitively expensive. Using an emulator allows us to avoid this expensive solution since,
as long as the emulator is trained over a relatively small data set, it smooths over the noise
instead of trying to fit it.

By using the emulator previously described [131] to speed up the evaluation of CLASS

and smooth the numerical noise, we were able to accelerate the minimization task by a factor
(102).23 Note that a similar approach was already used in ref. [165].

Even when using the emulator, the existence of local χ² minima can subsist and there
is no guarantee that a single minimization converges to the global minimum. Thus, for each
model, we still perform  (100) minimizations starting from random initial conditions (as
described above) and we state the minimum after ensuring that a substantial fraction (about
10%) of found (local) minima accumulate to the same value of χ² within a margin of 0.2 0.4.
This level of accuracy is good enough to reach robust conclusions on the DMAP and AIC
metrics.

References

[1] The Planck, P. A. R. Ade et al., “Planck 2013 results. XVI. Cosmological parameters”,
Astron. Astrophys. 571 (2014) A16, arXiv:1303.5076 [astro-ph.CO].

[2] L. Verde, P. Protopapas, and R. Jimenez, “Planck and the local Universe: Quantifying the
tension”, Phys. Dark Univ. 2 (2013) 166–175, arXiv:1306.6766 [astro-ph.CO].

[3] L. Verde, T. Treu, and A. G. Riess, “Tensions between the early and late Universe”, Nature
Astronomy 3 (Sep, 2019) 891–895, arXiv:1907.10625 [astro-ph.CO].

[4] E. Di Valentino, O. Mena, S. Pan, L. Visinelli, W. Yang, A. Melchiorri, D. F. Mota, A. G.
Riess, and J. Silk, “In the realm of the Hubble tension—a review of solutions”, Class. Quant.
Grav. 38 no. 15, (2021) 153001, arXiv:2103.01183 [astro-ph.CO].

[5] N. Schöneberg, G. Franco Abellán, A. Pérez Sánchez, S. J. Witte, V. Poulin, and

J. Lesgourgues, “The H0 Olympics: A fair ranking of proposed models”, Phys. Rept. 984

(2022) 1–55, arXiv:2107.10291 [astro-ph.CO].

[6] W. L. Freedman, “Cosmology at a Crossroads”, Nature Astron. 1 (2017) 0121,

arXiv:1706.02739 [astro-ph.CO].

[7] J.-P. Hu and F.-Y. Wang, “Hubble Tension: The Evidence of New Physics”, Universe 9 no. 2,
(2023) 94, arXiv:2302.05709 [astro-ph.CO].

[8] O. H. E. Philcox, G. S. Farren, B. D. Sherwin, E. J. Baxter, and D. J. Brout, “Determining
the Hubble constant without the sound horizon: A 3.6% constraint on H0 from galaxy
surveys, CMB lensing, and supernovae”, Phys. Rev. D 106 no. 6, (2022) 063530,
arXiv:2204.02984 [astro-ph.CO].

[9] The Planck, N. Aghanim et al., “Planck 2018 results. VI. Cosmological parameters”, Astron.
Astrophys. 641 (2020) A6, arXiv:1807.06209 [astro-ph.CO].

23When doing a single minimization run (rather than Metropolis-Hastings [127, 128] MCMCs to find the
means and posteriors), we find that the training requires O(10²) − O(10³) model realizations (e.g. 
∼100 for
ΛCDM and ∼1000 for the Majoron model). This is still small compared to the total number of 
evaluations
required by the BOBYQA algorithm, which is of the order of O(10⁴) − O(10⁵).

– 40 –


SPT+Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO using emulator

0.024

0.023

0.022

0.021

1.042

1.041

0.98

0.97

0.96

1.90

1.88

1.86

70

60

0.85

0.80

0.75

1.05

1.00

0.95


0.02

0.01

0.00

−0.01

0.115 0.125

Ωch²

0.022

Ωbh²

1.042

100θs

0.957 0.975

ns

1.86  1.90

109Ase−2τ

60  70

H₀

0.80 0.85

σ₈

0.95   1.05    0

me,eraly/me,late   ΩK

Figure 14: Varying mₑ + ΩK: 2D contours on relevant cosmological parameters for the
default MCMC implementation (orange) and the emulator (blue).

– 41 –


SPT+Planck+BAO
SPT+Planck+BAO using emulator

0.0228

0.0224

0.0220

0.98

0.96

1.93

1.90

1.87

70

68

0.84

0.82

0.5

0.0

−0.5


1

0

−1

0.4

0.3

0.2

0.1

0.120 0.126 0.022

Ωch²

Ωbh²

0.96  0.98

ns

1.88 1.92

109Ase−2τ

68  70

H₀

0.82 0.84

σ₈

−0.5  0.5

log(mφ /eV)

−1 0 1

log(Γₑff)

0.2  0.4

∆Nur

Figure 15: 2D contours of the Majoron model on relevant cosmological parameters with the
default MCMC implementation (orange) and the emulator (blue).

– 42 –


[10] M. Tristram et al., “Cosmological parameters derived from the final (PR4) Planck data
release”, arXiv:2309.10034 [astro-ph.CO].

[11] E. Rosenberg, S. Gratton, and G. Efstathiou, “CMB power spectra and cosmological
parameters from Planck PR4 with CamSpec”, Mon. Not. Roy. Astron. Soc. 517 no. 3, (2022)
4620–4636, arXiv:2205.10869 [astro-ph.CO].

[12] The ACT, M. S. Madhavacheril et al., “The Atacama Cosmology Telescope: DR6
Gravitational Lensing Map and Cosmological Parameters”, arXiv:2304.05203
[astro-ph.CO].

[13] The SPT-3G, D. Dutcher et al., “Measurements of the E-mode polarization and
temperature-E-mode correlation of the CMB from SPT-3G 2018 data”, Phys. Rev. D 104
no.         2, (2021) 022003, arXiv:2101.01684 [astro-ph.CO].

[14] The SPT-3G, L. Balkenhol et al., “A Measurement of the CMB Temperature Power
Spectrum and Constraints on Cosmology from the SPT-3G 2018 TT/TE/EE Data Set”,
arXiv:2212.05642 [astro-ph.CO].

[15] The Pan-STARRS1, D. M. Scolnic et al., “The Complete Light-curve Sample of
Spectroscopically Confirmed SNe Ia from Pan-STARRS1 and Cosmological Constraints from
the  Combined Pantheon Sample”, Astrophys. J. 859 no. 2, (2018) 101, arXiv:1710.00845
[astro-ph.CO].

[16] The BOSS, S. Alam et al., “The clustering of galaxies in the completed SDSS-III Baryon
Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey: cosmological analysis of the DR12 galaxy sample”, Mon.
Not. Roy. Astron. Soc. 470 no. 3, (2017) 2617–2652, arXiv:1607.03155 [astro-ph.CO].

[17] The eBOSS, S. Alam et al., “Completed SDSS-IV extended Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic
Survey: Cosmological implications from two decades of spectroscopic surveys at the Apache
Point Observatory”, Phys. Rev. D 103 no. 8, (2021) 083533, arXiv:2007.08991

[astro-ph.CO].

[18] S. Burles and D. Tytler, “The Deuterium abundance towards Q1937-1009”, Astrophys. J. 499

(1998) 699, arXiv:astro-ph/9712108.

[19] R. J. Cooke, M. Pettini, and C. C. Steidel, “One Percent Determination of the Primordial
Deuterium Abundance”, Astrophys. J. 855 no. 2, (2018) 102, arXiv:1710.11129

[astro-ph.CO].

[20] N. Schöneberg, J. Lesgourgues, and D. C. Hooper, “The BAO+BBN take on the Hubble
tension”, JCAP 10 (2019) 029, arXiv:1907.11594 [astro-ph.CO].

[21] E. Mortsell, A. Goobar, J. Johansson, and S. Dhawan, “The Hubble Tension Revisited:
Additional Local Distance Ladder Uncertainties”, Astrophys. J. 935 no. 1, (2022) 58,
arXiv:2106.09400 [astro-ph.CO].

[22] A. G. Riess, S. Casertano, W. Yuan, L. M. Macri, and D. Scolnic, “Large Magellanic Cloud
Cepheid Standards Provide a 1% Foundation for the Determination of the Hubble Constant
and Stronger Evidence for Physics beyond ΛCDM”, Astrophys. J. 876 no. 1, (2019) 85,
arXiv:1903.07603 [astro-ph.CO].

[23] A. G. Riess, S. Casertano, W. Yuan, J. B. Bowers, L. Macri, J. C. Zinn, and D. Scolnic,
“Cosmic Distances Calibrated to 1% Precision with Gaia EDR3 Parallaxes and Hubble Space
Telescope Photometry of 75 Milky Way Cepheids Confirm Tension with ΛCDM”, Astrophys.

J. Lett. 908 no. 1, (2021) L6, arXiv:2012.08534 [astro-ph.CO].

[24] A. G. Riess et al., “A Comprehensive Measurement of the Local Value of the Hubble
Constant with 1 km/s/Mpc Uncertainty from the Hubble Space Telescope and the SH0ES
Team”, Astrophys. J. Lett. 934 no. 1, (2022) L7, arXiv:2112.04510 [astro-ph.CO].

– 43 –


[25] Y. S. Murakami, A. G. Riess, B. E. Stahl, W. D. Kenworthy, D.-M. A. Pluck, A. Macoretta,

D. Brout, D. O. Jones, D. M. Scolnic, and A. V. Filippenko, “Leveraging SN Ia spectroscopic
similarity to improve the measurement of H₀”, arXiv:2306.00070 [astro-ph.CO].

[26] K. C. Wong et al., “H0LiCOW – XIII. A 2.4 per cent measurement of H0 from lensed quasars:

5.3σ tension between early- and late-Universe probes”, Mon. Not. Roy. Astron. Soc. 498

no. 1, (2020) 1420–1439, arXiv:1907.04869 [astro-ph.CO].

[27] C. D. Huang, A. G. Riess, W. Yuan, L. M. Macri, N. L. Zakamska, S. Casertano, P. A.
Whitelock, S. L. Hoffmann, A. V. Filippenko, and D. Scolnic, “Hubble Space Telescope
Observations of Mira Variables in the Type Ia Supernova Host NGC 1559: An Alternative
Candle to Measure the Hubble Constant”, arXiv:1908.10883 [astro-ph.CO].

[28] T. de Jaeger, L. Galbany, A. G. Riess, B. E. Stahl, B. J. Shappee, A. V. Filippenko, and

W. Zheng, “A 5 per cent measurement of the Hubble–Lemaître constant from Type II
supernovae”, Mon. Not. Roy. Astron. Soc. 514 no. 3, (2022) 4620–4628, arXiv:2203.08974
[astro-ph.CO].

[29] R. B. Tully, H. M. Courtois, A. E. Dolphin, J. R. Fisher, P. Héraudeau, B. A. Jacobs, I. D.
Karachentsev, D. Makarov, L. Makarova, S. Mitronova, L. Rizzi, E. J. Shaya, J. G. Sorce, and
P.-F. Wu, “Cosmicflows-2: The Data”, Astrophysical Journal 146 no. 4, (Oct., 2013) 86,
arXiv:1307.7213 [astro-ph.CO].

[30] R. B. Tully, H. M. Courtois, and J. G. Sorce, “Cosmicflows-3”, Astrophysical Journal 152

no. 2, (Aug., 2016) 50, arXiv:1605.01765 [astro-ph.CO].

[31] W. L. Freedman et al., “The Carnegie-Chicago Hubble Program. VIII. An Independent
Determination of the Hubble Constant Based on the Tip of the Red Giant Branch”,
Astrophys.  J. 882 (2019) 34, arXiv:1907.05922 [astro-ph.CO].

[32] G. S. Anand, R. B. Tully, L. Rizzi, A. G. Riess, and W. Yuan, “Comparing Tip of the Red
Giant Branch Distance Scales: An Independent Reduction of the Carnegie-Chicago Hubble
Program and the Value of the Hubble Constant”, Astrophys. J. 932 no. 1, (2022) 15,
arXiv:2108.00007 [astro-ph.CO].

[33] The LIGO Scientific, Virgo, VIRGO, B. P. Abbott et al., “A Gravitational-wave
Measurement of the Hubble Constant Following the Second Observing Run of Advanced
LIGO   and Virgo”, Astrophys. J. 909 no. 2, (2021) 218, arXiv:1908.06060 [astro-ph.CO].

[34] R. D’Agostino and R. C. Nunes, “Cosmographic view on the H0 and σ8 tensions”, Phys. Rev.
D 108 no. 2, (2023) 023523, arXiv:2307.13464 [astro-ph.CO].

[35] E. Abdalla et al., “Cosmology intertwined: A review of the particle physics, astrophysics, and
cosmology associated with the cosmological tensions and anomalies”, JHEAp 34 (2022)
49–211, arXiv:2203.06142 [astro-ph.CO].

[36] E. Mortsell, A. Goobar, J. Johansson, and S. Dhawan, “The Hubble Tension Revisited:
Additional Local Distance Ladder Uncertainties”, Astrophys. J. 935 no. 1, (2022) 58,
arXiv:2106.09400 [astro-ph.CO].

[37] W. L. Freedman, “Measurements of the Hubble Constant: Tensions in Perspective”,
Astrophys. J. 919 no. 1, (2021) 16, arXiv:2106.15656 [astro-ph.CO].

[38] S. Carneiro, C. Pigozzo, and J. S. Alcaniz, “Redshift systematics and the H₀ tension
problem”, Eur. Phys. J. Plus 137 no. 5, (2022) 537.

[39] G. Efstathiou, “A Lockdown Perspective on the Hubble Tension (with comments from the
SH0ES team)”, arXiv:2007.10716 [astro-ph.CO].

[40] The Nearby Supernova Factory, M. Rigault et al., “Strong Dependence of Type Ia
Supernova Standardization on the Local Specific Star Formation Rate”, Astron. Astrophys.
644 (2020) A176, arXiv:1806.03849 [astro-ph.CO].

– 44 –


[41] K. Blum, E. Castorina, and M. Simonović, “Could Quasar Lensing Time Delays Hint to a
Core Component in Halos, Instead of H₀ Tension?”, Astrophys. J. Lett. 892 no. 2, (2020)
L27, arXiv:2001.07182 [astro-ph.CO].

[42] M. Millon et al., “TDCOSMO. I. An exploration of systematic uncertainties in the inference
of H₀ from time-delay cosmography”, Astron. Astrophys. 639 (2020) A101,
arXiv:1912.08027 [astro-ph.CO].

[43] A. Sharon, D. Kushnir, W. Yuan, L. Macri, and A. Riess, “Reassessing the Constraints from
SH0ES Extragalactic Cepheid Amplitudes on Systematic Blending Bias”, arXiv:2305.14435
[astro-ph.CO].

[44] R. Alves Batista et al., “EuCAPT White Paper: Opportunities and Challenges for
Theoretical Astroparticle Physics in the Next Decade”, arXiv:2110.10074 [astro-ph.HE].

[45] P. Bull et al., “Beyond ΛCDM: Problems, solutions, and the road ahead”, Phys. Dark Univ.

12 (2016) 56–99, arXiv:1512.05356 [astro-ph.CO].

[46] T. Clifton, P. G. Ferreira, A. Padilla, and C. Skordis, “Modified Gravity and Cosmology”,
Phys. Rept. 513 (2012) 1–189, arXiv:1106.2476 [astro-ph.CO].

[47] S. Dodelson and F. Schmidt, Modern Cosmology, 2nd edition. Academic Press, April, 2020.

[48] E. V. Linder, “Exploring the Expansion History of the Universe”, Phys. Rev. Lett. 90 (Mar,
2003) 091301. https://link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/PhysRevLett.90.091301.

[49] M. Chevallier and D. Polarski, “Accelerating universes with scaling dark matter”, Int. J. Mod.
Phys. D 10 (2001) 213–224, arXiv:gr-qc/0009008.

[50] V. Poulin, K. K. Boddy, S. Bird, and M. Kamionkowski, “Implications of an extended dark
energy cosmology with massive neutrinos for cosmological tensions”, Phys. Rev. D 97 (Jun,
2018) 123504. https://link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/PhysRevD.97.123504.

[51] G.-B. Zhao et al., “Dynamical dark energy in light of the latest observations”, Nature Astron.

1 no. 9, (2017) 627–632, arXiv:1701.08165 [astro-ph.CO].

[52] S. Vagnozzi, “Seven Hints That Early-Time New Physics Alone Is Not Sufficient to Solve the
Hubble Tension”, Universe 9 no. 9, (2023) 393, arXiv:2308.16628 [astro-ph.CO].

[53] H. G. Escudero, J.-L. Kuo, R. E. Keeley, and K. N. Abazajian, “Early or phantom dark
energy, self-interacting, extra, or massive neutrinos, primordial magnetic fields, or a curved
universe: An exploration of possible solutions to the H0 and σ8 problems”, Phys. Rev. D 106
no. 10, (2022) 103517, arXiv:2208.14435 [astro-ph.CO].

[54] R.-G. Cai, Z.-K. Guo, S.-J. Wang, W.-W. Yu, and Y. Zhou, “No-go guide for the Hubble
tension: Late-time solutions”, Phys. Rev. D 105 no. 2, (2022) L021301, arXiv:2107.13286
[astro-ph.CO].

[55] J.-P. Uzan, “Varying Constants, Gravitation and Cosmology”, Living Rev. Rel. 14 (2011) 2,

arXiv:1009.5514 [astro-ph.CO].

[56] L. Hart and J. Chluba, “New constraints on time-dependent variations of fundamental
constants using Planck data”, Mon. Not. Roy. Astron. Soc. 474 no. 2, (2018) 1850–1861,
arXiv:1705.03925 [astro-ph.CO].

[57] L. Hart and J. Chluba, “Updated fundamental constant constraints from Planck 2018 data
and possible relations to the Hubble tension”, Mon. Not. Roy. Astron. Soc. 493 no. 3, (2020)
3255–3263, arXiv:1912.03986 [astro-ph.CO].

[58] The Planck, P. A. R. Ade et al., “Planck intermediate results - XXIV. Constraints on
variations in fundamental constants”, Astron. Astrophys. 580 (2015) A22, arXiv:1406.7482
[astro-ph.CO].

– 45 –


[59] T. Sekiguchi and T. Takahashi, “Early recombination as a solution to the H₀ tension”, Phys.
Rev. D 103 no. 8, (2021) 083507, arXiv:2007.03381 [astro-ph.CO].

[60] V. Poulin, T. L. Smith, T. Karwal, and M. Kamionkowski, “Early Dark Energy Can Resolve
The Hubble Tension”, Phys. Rev. Lett. 122 no. 22, (2019) 221301, arXiv:1811.04083
[astro-ph.CO].

[61] E. Mörtsell and S. Dhawan, “Does the Hubble constant tension call for new physics?”, JCAP

09 (2018) 025, arXiv:1801.07260 [astro-ph.CO].

[62] T. Karwal and M. Kamionkowski, “Dark energy at early times, the Hubble parameter, and the
string axiverse”, Phys. Rev. D 94 no. 10, (2016) 103523, arXiv:1608.01309 [astro-ph.CO].

[63] M. Escudero and S. J. Witte, “A CMB search for the neutrino mass mechanism and its
relation to the Hubble tension”, Eur. Phys. J. C 80 no. 4, (2020) 294, arXiv:1909.04044
[astro-ph.CO].

[64] M. Escudero Abenza and S. J. Witte, “Could the Hubble Tension be Pointing Towards the
Neutrino Mass Mechanism?”, in Prospects in Neutrino Physics. 4, 2020. arXiv:2004.01470
[hep-ph].

[65] M. Escudero and S. J. Witte, “The hubble tension as a hint of leptogenesis and neutrino mass
generation”, Eur. Phys. J. C 81 no. 6, (2021) 515, arXiv:2103.03249 [hep-ph].

[66] F. Beutler, C. Blake, M. Colless, D. H. Jones, L. Staveley-Smith, L. Campbell, Q. Parker,

W. Saunders, and F. Watson, “The 6dF Galaxy Survey: baryon acoustic oscillations and the
local Hubble constant”, MNRAS 416 no. 4, (Oct., 2011) 3017–3032, arXiv:1106.3366
[astro-ph.CO].

[67] A. J. Ross, L. Samushia, C. Howlett, W. J. Percival, A. Burden, and M. Manera, “The
clustering of the SDSS DR7 main Galaxy sample – I. A 4 per cent distance measure at
z = 0.15”, Mon. Not. Roy. Astron. Soc. 449 no. 1, (2015) 835–847, arXiv:1409.3242

[astro-ph.CO].

[68] The ACT, S. K. Choi et al., “The Atacama Cosmology Telescope: a measurement of the
Cosmic Microwave Background power spectra at 98 and 150 GHz”, JCAP 12 (2020) 045,
arXiv:2007.07289 [astro-ph.CO].

[69] The ACT, S. Aiola et al., “The Atacama Cosmology Telescope: DR4 Maps and Cosmological
Parameters”, JCAP 12 (2020) 047, arXiv:2007.07288 [astro-ph.CO].

[70] S. Günther, J. Lesgourgues, G. Samaras, N. Schöneberg, F. Stadtmann, C. Fidler, and

J. Torrado, “CosmicNet II: emulating extended cosmologies with efficient and accurate neural
networks”, Journal of Cosmology and Astroparticle Physics 2022 no. 11, (Nov, 2022) 035.
https://doi.org/10.1088%2F1475-7516%2F2022%2F11%2F035.

[71] J. C. Hill et al., “Atacama Cosmology Telescope: Constraints on prerecombination early dark
energy”, Phys. Rev. D 105 no. 12, (2022) 123536, arXiv:2109.04451 [astro-ph.CO].

[72] G. Franco Abellán, M. Braglia, M. Ballardini, F. Finelli, and V. Poulin, “Probing Early
Modification of Gravity with Planck, ACT and SPT”, arXiv:2308.12345 [astro-ph.CO].

[73] V. Poulin, T. L. Smith, and T. Karwal, “The Ups and Downs of Early Dark Energy solutions
to the Hubble tension: a review of models, hints and constraints circa 2023”,
arXiv:2302.09032 [astro-ph.CO].

[74] S. Sandner, M. Escudero, and S. J. Witte, “Precision CMB constraints on eV-scale bosons
coupled to neutrinos”, Eur. Phys. J. C 83 no. 8, (2023) 709, arXiv:2305.01692 [hep-ph].

[75] C. Heymans et al., “CFHTLenS tomographic weak lensing cosmological parameter
constraints: Mitigating the impact of intrinsic galaxy alignments”, Mon. Not. Roy. Astron.
Soc.  432 (2013) 2433, arXiv:1303.1808 [astro-ph.CO].

– 46 –


[76] H. Hildebrandt et al., “KiDS+VIKING-450: Cosmic shear tomography with optical and
infrared data”, Astron. Astrophys. 633 (2020) A69, arXiv:1812.06076 [astro-ph.CO].

[77] The Super-Kamiokande Collaboration, Y. Fukuda, T. Hayakawa, E. Ichihara, K. Inoue,

K. Ishihara, H. Ishino, Y. Itow, T. Kajita, J. Kameda, S. Kasuga, K. Kobayashi,

Y. Kobayashi, Y. Koshio, M. Miura, M. Nakahata, S. Nakayama, A. Okada, K. Okumura,

N. Sakurai, M. Shiozawa, Y. Suzuki, Y. Takeuchi, Y. Totsuka, S. Yamada, M. Earl, A. Habig,

E. Kearns, M. D. Messier, K. Scholberg, J. L. Stone, L. R. Sulak, C. W. Walter,

M. Goldhaber, T. Barszczxak, D. Casper, W. Gajewski, P. G. Halverson, J. Hsu, W. R.
Kropp, L. R. Price, F. Reines, M. Smy, H. W. Sobel, M. R. Vagins, K. S. Ganezer, W. E.
Keig, R. W. Ellsworth, S. Tasaka, J. W. Flanagan, A. Kibayashi, J. G. Learned, S. Matsuno,

V. J. Stenger, D. Takemori, T. Ishii, J. Kanzaki, T. Kobayashi, S. Mine, K. Nakamura,

K. Nishikawa, Y. Oyama, A. Sakai, M. Sakuda, O. Sasaki, S. Echigo, M. Kohama, A. T.
Suzuki, T. J. Haines, E. Blaufuss, B. K. Kim, R. Sanford, R. Svoboda, M. L. Chen,

Z. Conner, J. A. Goodman, G. W. Sullivan, J. Hill, C. K. Jung, K. Martens, C. Mauger,

C. McGrew, E. Sharkey, B. Viren, C. Yanagisawa, W. Doki, K. Miyano, H. Okazawa, C. Saji,

M. Takahata, Y. Nagashima, M. Takita, T. Yamaguchi, M. Yoshida, S. B. Kim, M. Etoh,

K. Fujita, A. Hasegawa, T. Hasegawa, S. Hatakeyama, T. Iwamoto, M. Koga, T. Maruyama,

H. Ogawa, J. Shirai, A. Suzuki, F. Tsushima, M. Koshiba, M. Nemoto, K. Nishijima,

T. Futagami, Y. Hayato, Y. Kanaya, K. Kaneyuki, Y. Watanabe, D. Kielczewska, R. A.
Doyle, J. S. George, A. L. Stachyra, L. L. Wai, R. J. Wilkes, and K. K. Young, “Evidence for
Oscillation of Atmospheric Neutrinos”, Phys. Rev. Lett. 81 (Aug, 1998) 1562–1567.
https://link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/PhysRevLett.81.1562.

[78] J. N. Bahcall, Neutrino Astrophysics. 1989.

[79] The Planck, N. Aghanim et al., “Planck 2018 results. V. CMB power spectra and
likelihoods”, Astron. Astrophys. 641 (2020) A5, arXiv:1907.12875 [astro-ph.CO].

[80] J. R. Bond, G. Efstathiou, and J. Silk, “Massive Neutrinos and the Large Scale Structure of
the Universe”, Phys. Rev. Lett. 45 (1980) 1980–1984.

[81] W. Hu, D. J. Eisenstein, and M. Tegmark, “Weighing neutrinos with galaxy surveys”, Phys.
Rev. Lett. 80 (1998) 5255–5258, arXiv:astro-ph/9712057.

[82] J. Lesgourgues and S. Pastor, “Massive neutrinos and cosmology”, Phys. Rept. 429 (2006)
307–379, arXiv:astro-ph/0603494.

[83] J. Lesgourgues, G. Mangano, G. Miele, and S. Pastor, Neutrino Cosmology. Cambridge
University Press, 2, 2013.

[84] M. Lattanzi and M. Gerbino, “Status of neutrino properties and future prospects -
Cosmological and astrophysical constraints”, Front. in Phys. 5 (2018) 70, arXiv:1712.07109
[astro-ph.CO].

[85] J. Lesgourgues, S. Pastor, and L. Perotto, “Probing neutrino masses with future galaxy
redshift surveys”, Phys. Rev. D 70 (2004) 045016, arXiv:hep-ph/0403296.

[86] M. Archidiacono, S. Hannestad, and J. Lesgourgues, “What will it take to measure individual
neutrino mass states using cosmology?”, JCAP 09 (2020) 021, arXiv:2003.03354

[astro-ph.CO].

[87] W. Hu and I. Sawicki, “A Parameterized Post-Friedmann Framework for Modified Gravity”,
Phys. Rev. D 76 (2007) 104043, arXiv:0708.1190 [astro-ph].

[88] J. Froustey, C. Pitrou, and M. C. Volpe, “Neutrino decoupling including flavour oscillations
and primordial nucleosynthesis”, JCAP 12 (2020) 015, arXiv:2008.01074 [hep-ph].

[89] J. J. Bennett, G. Buldgen, P. F. De Salas, M. Drewes, S. Gariazzo, S. Pastor, and Y. Y. Y.

Wong, “Towards a precision calculation of Nₑff in the Standard Model II: Neutrino decoupling

– 47 –


in the presence of flavour oscillations and finite-temperature QED”, JCAP 04 (2021) 073,

arXiv:2012.02726 [hep-ph].

[90] Z. Hou, R. Keisler, L. Knox, M. Millea, and C. Reichardt, “How Massless Neutrinos Affect
the Cosmic Microwave Background Damping Tail”, Phys. Rev. D 87 (2013) 083008,
arXiv:1104.2333 [astro-ph.CO].

[91] J. L. Bernal, L. Verde, and A. G. Riess, “The trouble with H₀”, JCAP 10 (2016) 019,

arXiv:1607.05617 [astro-ph.CO].

[92] E. Di Valentino, A. Melchiorri, and J. Silk, “Cosmological constraints in extended parameter
space from the Planck 2018 Legacy release”, JCAP 01 (2020) 013, arXiv:1908.01391
[astro-ph.CO].

[93] F.-Y. Cyr-Racine, K. Sigurdson, J. Zavala, T. Bringmann, M. Vogelsberger, and

C. Pfrommer, “ETHOS—an effective theory of structure formation: From dark particle
physics to the matter distribution of the Universe”, Phys. Rev. D 93 no. 12, (2016) 123527,
arXiv:1512.05344 [astro-ph.CO].

[94] J. Lesgourgues, G. Marques-Tavares, and M. Schmaltz, “Evidence for dark matter interactions
in cosmological precision data?”, JCAP 02 (2016) 037, arXiv:1507.04351 [astro-ph.CO].

[95] S. Bashinsky and U. Seljak, “Neutrino perturbations in CMB anisotropy and matter
clustering”, Phys. Rev. D 69 (2004) 083002, arXiv:astro-ph/0310198.

[96] B. Audren et al., “Robustness of cosmic neutrino background detection in the cosmic
microwave background”, JCAP 03 (2015) 036, arXiv:1412.5948 [astro-ph.CO].

[97] D. Baumann, D. Green, J. Meyers, and B. Wallisch, “Phases of New Physics in the CMB”,
JCAP 01 (2016) 007, arXiv:1508.06342 [astro-ph.CO].

[98] B. Follin, L. Knox, M. Millea, and Z. Pan, “First Detection of the Acoustic Oscillation Phase
Shift Expected from the Cosmic Neutrino Background”, Phys. Rev. Lett. 115 no. 9, (2015)
091301, arXiv:1503.07863 [astro-ph.CO].

[99] P. Langacker, G. Segre, and M. J. Strassler, “Implications of gauge unification for time
variation of the fine structure constant”, Phys. Lett. B 528 (2002) 121–128,
arXiv:hep-ph/0112233.

[100] O. Seto and Y. Toda, “Big bang nucleosynthesis constraints on varying electron mass solution
to the Hubble tension”, Phys. Rev. D 107 no. 8, (2023) 083512, arXiv:2206.13209

[astro-ph.CO].

[101] A.-K. Burns, T. M. P. Tait, and M. Valli, “PRyMordial: The First Three Minutes, Within
and Beyond the Standard Model”, 2023.

[102] M. Kamionkowski, J. Pradler, and D. G. E. Walker, “Dark energy from the string axiverse”,
Phys. Rev. Lett. 113 no. 25, (2014) 251302, arXiv:1409.0549 [hep-ph].

[103] F. Niedermann and M. S. Sloth, “Resolving the Hubble tension with new early dark energy”,
Phys. Rev. D 102 no. 6, (2020) 063527, arXiv:2006.06686 [astro-ph.CO].

[104] L. Herold, E. G. M. Ferreira, and E. Komatsu, “New Constraint on Early Dark Energy from
Planck and BOSS Data Using the Profile Likelihood”, Astrophys. J. Lett. 929 no. 1, (2022)
L16, arXiv:2112.12140 [astro-ph.CO].

[105] L. Herold and E. G. M. Ferreira, “Resolving the Hubble tension with Early Dark Energy”,

arXiv:2210.16296 [astro-ph.CO].

[106] K. Murai, F. Naokawa, T. Namikawa, and E. Komatsu, “Isotropic cosmic birefringence from
early dark energy”, Phys. Rev. D 107 no. 4, (2023) L041302, arXiv:2209.07804

[astro-ph.CO].

– 48 –


[107] J. R. Eskilt, L. Herold, E. Komatsu, K. Murai, T. Namikawa, and F. Naokawa, “Constraint
on Early Dark Energy from Isotropic Cosmic Birefringence”, arXiv:2303.15369

[astro-ph.CO].

[108] J. Stevens, H. Khoraminezhad, and S. Saito, “Constraining the spatial curvature with cosmic
expansion history in a cosmological model with a non-standard sound horizon”, JCAP 07
(2023) 046, arXiv:2212.09804 [astro-ph.CO].

[109] M. Braglia, M. Ballardini, F. Finelli, and K. Koyama, “Early modified gravity in light of the
H₀ tension and LSS data”, Phys. Rev. D 103 no. 4, (2021) 043528, arXiv:2011.12934
[astro-ph.CO].

[110] T. L. Smith and V. Poulin, “Current small-scale CMB constraints to axion-like early dark
energy”, arXiv:2309.03265 [astro-ph.CO].

[111] F. Niedermann and M. S. Sloth, “Hot new early dark energy”, Phys. Rev. D 105 no. 6, (2022)
063509, arXiv:2112.00770 [hep-ph].

[112] D. Aloni, A. Berlin, M. Joseph, M. Schmaltz, and N. Weiner, “A Step in understanding the
Hubble tension”, Phys. Rev. D 105 no. 12, (2022) 123516, arXiv:2111.00014

[astro-ph.CO].

[113] N. Schöneberg and G. Franco Abellán, “A step in the right direction? Analyzing the Wess
Zumino Dark Radiation solution to the Hubble tension”, JCAP 12 (2022) 001,
arXiv:2206.11276 [astro-ph.CO].

[114] Y. Zhai, W. Giarè, C. van de Bruck, E. Di Valentino, O. Mena, and R. C. Nunes, “A
consistent view of interacting dark energy from multiple CMB probes”, JCAP 07 (2023) 032,
arXiv:2303.08201 [astro-ph.CO].

[115] K. Jedamzik and T. Abel, “Small-scale primordial magnetic fields and anisotropies in the
cosmic microwave background radiation”, JCAP 2013 no. 10, (Oct., 2013) 050.

[116] K. Jedamzik and L. Pogosian, “Relieving the Hubble tension with primordial magnetic fields”,
Phys. Rev. Lett. 125 no. 18, (2020) 181302, arXiv:2004.09487 [astro-ph.CO].

[117] The Planck, N. Aghanim et al., “Planck 2018 results. VIII. Gravitational lensing”, Astron.
Astrophys. 641 (2020) A8, arXiv:1807.06210 [astro-ph.CO].

[118] N. Kaiser, “Clustering in real space and in redshift space”, "Mon. Not. Roy. Astron. Soc." 
227

(July, 1987) 1–21.

[119] C. Alcock and B. Paczynski, “An evolution free test for non-zero cosmological constant”,
"Nature" 281 (Oct., 1979) 358.

[120] A. Lewis, A. Challinor, and A. Lasenby, “Efficient computation of CMB anisotropies in closed
FRW models”, Astrophys. J. 538 (2000) 473–476, arXiv:astro-ph/9911177.

[121] J. Lesgourgues, “The Cosmic Linear Anisotropy Solving System (CLASS) I: Overview”,

arXiv:1104.2932 [astro-ph.IM].

[122] D. Blas, J. Lesgourgues, and T. Tram, “The Cosmic Linear Anisotropy Solving System
(CLASS) II: Approximation schemes”, JCAP 07 (2011) 034, arXiv:1104.2933
[astro-ph.CO].

[123] T. L. Smith, V. Poulin, and M. A. Amin, “Oscillating scalar fields and the Hubble tension: a
resolution with novel signatures”, Phys. Rev. D 101 no. 6, (2020) 063523, arXiv:1908.06995
[astro-ph.CO].

[124] V. Poulin, T. L. Smith, D. Grin, T. Karwal, and M. Kamionkowski, “Cosmological
implications of ultralight axionlike fields”, Phys. Rev. D 98 no. 8, (2018) 083525,
arXiv:1806.10608 [astro-ph.CO].

– 49 –


[125] J. Torrado and A. Lewis, “Cobaya: Code for Bayesian Analysis of hierarchical physical
models”, JCAP 05 (2021) 057, arXiv:2005.05290 [astro-ph.IM].

[126] J. Torrado and A. Lewis, “Cobaya: Bayesian analysis in cosmology.” Astrophysics source code
library, record ascl:1910.019, Oct., 2019.

[127] W. K. Hastings, “Monte Carlo Sampling Methods Using Markov Chains and Their
Applications”, Biometrika 57 no. 1, (1970) 97–109. http://www.jstor.org/stable/2334940.

[128] N. Metropolis, A. W. Rosenbluth, M. N. Rosenbluth, A. H. Teller, and E. Teller, “Equation of
State Calculations by Fast Computing Machines”, Journal of Chemical Physics 21 no. 6,
(June, 1953) 1087–1092.

[129] A. Lewis, “GetDist: a Python package for analysing Monte Carlo samples”,

arXiv:1910.13970 [astro-ph.IM]. https://getdist.readthedocs.io.

[130] A. Gelman and D. B. Rubin, “Inference from Iterative Simulation Using Multiple Sequences”,
Statistical Science 7 no. 4, (1992) 457–472. http://www.jstor.org/stable/2246093.

[131] S. Günther, “Uncertainty-aware and Data-efficient Cosmological Emulation using Gaussian
Processes and PCA”, arXiv:2307.01138 [astro-ph.CO].

[132] A. S. Mancini, D. Piras, J. Alsing, B. Joachimi, and M. P. Hobson, “CosmoPower: emulating
cosmological power spectra for accelerated Bayesian inference from next-generation surveys”,
Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society 511 no. 2, (Jan, 2022) 1771–1788.
https://doi.org/10.1093%2Fmnras%2Fstac064.

[133] A. Nygaard, E. B. Holm, S. Hannestad, and T. Tram, “CONNECT: a neural network based
framework for emulating cosmological observables and cosmological parameter inference”,
Journal of Cosmology and Astroparticle Physics 2023 no. 05, (May, 2023) 025.
https://doi.org/10.1088%2F1475-7516%2F2023%2F05%2F025.

[134] M. Bonici, F. Bianchini, and J. Ruiz-Zapatero, “Capse.jl: efficient and auto-differentiable
CMB power spectra emulation”, 2023.

[135] C. Weniger, B. K. Miller, F. Nattino, A. Cole, O. Ku, M. W. Grootes, A. Coogan, N. A.
Montel, and A. Saxena, “undark-lab/swyft: v0.4.5”, Sept., 2023.
https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.8349112.

[136] M. Karamanis, F. Beutler, and J. A. Peacock, “<tt>zeus</tt>: a <scp>python</scp>
implementation of ensemble slice sampling for efficient Bayesian parameter inference”,
Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society 508 no. 3, (Oct., 2021) 3589–3603.
http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/mnras/stab2867.

[137] C. E. Rasmussen, Gaussian Processes in Machine Learning, pp. 63–71. Springer Berlin
Heidelberg, Berlin, Heidelberg, 2004. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-28650-9_4.

[138] T. Brinckmann and J. Lesgourgues, “MontePython 3: boosted MCMC sampler and other
features”, arXiv:1804.07261 [astro-ph.CO].

[139] B. Audren, J. Lesgourgues, K. Benabed, and S. Prunet, “Conservative Constraints on Early
Cosmology: an illustration of the Monte Python cosmological parameter inference code”,
JCAP 1302 (2013) 001, arXiv:1210.7183 [astro-ph.CO].

[140] S. Günther et al, “in preparation”, 2024.

[141] M. Raveri and C. Doux, “Non-Gaussian estimates of tensions in cosmological parameters”,
Phys. Rev. D 104 no. 4, (2021) 043504, arXiv:2105.03324 [astro-ph.CO].

[142] M. Leizerovich, S. J. Landau, and C. G. Scóccola, “Tensions in cosmology: a discussion of
statistical tools to determine inconsistencies”, arXiv:2312.08542 [astro-ph.CO].

[143] M. Raveri and W. Hu, “Concordance and discordance in cosmology”, Phys. Rev. D 99 (Feb,
2019) 043506. https://link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/PhysRevD.99.043506.

– 50 –


[144] H. Akaike, “A new look at the statistical model identification”, IEEE Transactions on
Automatic Control 19 no. 6, (1974) 716–723.

[145] R. Trotta, “Bayesian Methods in Cosmology”, 1, 2017. arXiv:1701.01467 [astro-ph.CO].

[146] M. Cortês and A. R. Liddle, “On dataset tensions and signatures of new cosmological
physics”, arXiv:2309.03286 [astro-ph.CO].

[147] M. Bahrami Zanjani, A. R. Khalife, S. Günther, S. Galli, J. Lesgourgues, and K. Benabed,
“Supplamantary plots for this work.”

https://github.com/ark93-cosmo/Coll.-On-SPT3G-Analysis, 2023.

[148] S. Ghosh, S. Kumar, and Y. Tsai, “Free-streaming and coupled dark radiation isocurvature
perturbations: constraints and application to the Hubble tension”, JCAP 05 no. 05, (2022)
014, arXiv:2107.09076 [astro-ph.CO].

[149] M. A. Buen-Abad, Z. Chacko, C. Kilic, G. Marques-Tavares, and T. Youn, “Stepped partially
acoustic dark matter, large scale structure, and the Hubble tension”, JHEP 06 (2023) 012,
arXiv:2208.05984 [hep-ph].

[150] M. A. Buen-Abad, Z. Chacko, C. Kilic, G. Marques-Tavares, and T. Youn, “Stepped Partially
Acoustic Dark Matter: Likelihood Analysis and Cosmological Tensions”, arXiv:2306.01844
[astro-ph.CO].

[151] N. Schöneberg, G. Franco Abellán, T. Simon, A. Bartlett, Y. Patel, and T. L. Smith, “The
weak, the strong and the ugly – A comparative analysis of interacting stepped dark
radiation”, arXiv:2306.12469 [astro-ph.CO].

[152] F.-Y. Cyr-Racine, F. Ge, and L. Knox, “Symmetry of Cosmological Observables, a Mirror
World Dark Sector, and the Hubble Constant”, Phys. Rev. Lett. 128 no. 20, (2022) 201301,
arXiv:2107.13000 [astro-ph.CO].

[153] The KATRIN, J. Angrik et al., “KATRIN design report 2004”,.

[154] A. Gómez-Valent, “Fast test to assess the impact of marginalization in Monte Carlo analyses
and its application to cosmology”, Phys. Rev. D 106 no. 6, (2022) 063506, arXiv:2203.16285
[astro-ph.CO].

[155] B. Hadzhiyska, K. Wolz, S. Azzoni, D. Alonso, C. García-García, J. Ruiz-Zapatero, and

A. Slosar, “Cosmology with 6 parameters in the Stage-IV era: efficient marginalisation over
nuisance parameters”, arXiv:2301.11895 [astro-ph.CO].

[156] A. Reeves, L. Herold, S. Vagnozzi, B. D. Sherwin, and E. G. M. Ferreira, “Restoring
cosmological concordance with early dark energy and massive neutrinos?”, Mon. Not. Roy.
Astron. Soc. 520 no. 3, (2023) 3688–3695, arXiv:2207.01501 [astro-ph.CO].

[157] J. Z. Chen, I. M. Oldengott, G. Pierobon, and Y. Y. Y. Wong, “Weaker yet again: mass
spectrum-consistent cosmological constraints on the neutrino lifetime”, Eur. Phys. J. C 82
no. 7, (2022) 640, arXiv:2203.09075 [hep-ph].

[158] G. Barenboim, J. Z. Chen, S. Hannestad, I. M. Oldengott, T. Tram, and Y. Y. Y. Wong,
“Invisible neutrino decay in precision cosmology”, JCAP 03 (2021) 087, arXiv:2011.01502
[astro-ph.CO].

[159] C. Heymans et al., “KiDS-1000 Cosmology: Multi-probe weak gravitational lensing and
spectroscopic galaxy clustering constraints”, Astron. Astrophys. 646 (2021) A140,
arXiv:2007.15632 [astro-ph.CO].

[160] The Kilo-Degree Survey, DES, T. M. C. Abbott et al., “DES Y3 + KiDS-1000: Consistent
cosmology combining cosmic shear surveys”, arXiv:2305.17173 [astro-ph.CO].

[161] A. Lewis, “Efficient sampling of fast and slow cosmological parameters”, Physical Review D

87 no. 10, (May, 2013) . https://doi.org/10.1103%2Fphysrevd.87.103529.

– 51 –


[162] H. Prince and J. Dunkley, “Data compression in cosmology: A compressed likelihood for
Planck data”, Physical Review D 100 no. 8, (Oct, 2019) .
https://doi.org/10.1103%2Fphysrevd.100.083502.

[163] C. Cartis, J. Fiala, B. Marteau, and L. Roberts, “Improving the Flexibility and Robustness of
Model-Based Derivative-Free Optimization Solvers”, arXiv e-prints (Mar., 2018)
arXiv:1804.00154, arXiv:1804.00154 [math.OC].

[164] C. Cartis, L. Roberts, and O. Sheridan-Methven, “Escaping local minima with derivative-free
methods: a numerical investigation”, arXiv e-prints (Dec., 2018) arXiv:1812.11343,
arXiv:1812.11343 [math.OC].

[165] A. Nygaard, E. B. Holm, S. Hannestad, and T. Tram, “Fast and effortless computation of
profile likelihoods using CONNECT”, 2023.

– 52 –

