I am a graduate of ecology from South Korea. I used to live in the UK when I was in primary school and secondary school with my family, and at that time I fell in love with the outstanding beauty of the British rural landscape, especially that of medium height mountains and fells that adorn the northern realm of the country. After returning to Korea from stay in the UK, I decided to study ecology and studied ecology in university. After graduation, at first I did not really have clear and specific interest in a subdomain of ecology that I wanted to devote myself to, but as time passed on while I was working for water/microalgae industry I gradually realised what I really wanted to do was design and preserve the natural beauty of British wildlife and montane landscape, the beauty of heaths and moors , and peatland which strives harder than anyone to maintain the carbon balance of the whole ecosystem. I do not want to exaggerate or flatter anyone, but I really think British countryside has the adequate mix of minimal aesthetics, empathy, biodiversity and ecological capacity to heal the whole system. For some years after graduation I worked for the microalgae harvesting and biotech industry where I worked as biological researcher to produce metabolites from microalgae. While I was working in that industry I learnt about and came to deeply appreciate the actual role of ecology,especially hydrology, in maintaining harmony of the nature, not the "off the book" emphasis of the role of ecology that I learnt to land a job. And my thought eventually flowed to my own history and experience in the UK,and how the mesmerizing view of the rolling hills passed the M6 on my journey to and from Scotland that I retained from my childhood was the manifestation of ecology and hydrology that I was beginning to understand. From then on I read voraciously on the  biogeochemistry of wetlands, and soon after applied for Youth Mobility Scheme Visa and came to the UK in May 2025 for 2 year stay. The Visa allows me to take up any form of job in the UK for 2 years. After I came to England in May 2025, I found myself a home in Oxford where I worked as a volunteer with several conservation organisations here such as Earth Trust, Oxford Conservation Volunteers and Friends of Lye Valley. Lye Valley is a calcareous fen of Site of Specific Scientific Interest grade near my neighbourhood.  I had work experience with a ecological consultancy called Biodiversity by Design in Bath, where I followed the ecologist Mike Wells to their project site in London to survey. To attain my dream of becoming a conservation professional in the UK, I joined a course run by Yorkshire Wildlife Trust called Peatland Restoration Practitioner, which taught conservation professionals how to manage and preserve Peatland ecosystem, the health of the hydrology and spahgnum moss that maintain the acidity of the soil. After the course I was awarded a certificate by Lantra for completing the course.

Before and after coming to the UK as an ecologist, I learnt a great deal about many aspects of ecology of British Wildlife, and one of the key skills I acquired that is fundamental to not only ecology and conservation but the skill to use GIS software to work with and visualise spatial Data. My ultimate goal as I told you is to become a designer, or a Landscape architect who maintains the natural beauty of rural areas in the UK, and to design and maintain the natural untouched beauty of the rural landscape you need to be able to read the pattern of how the nature organises itself in natural habitats. GIS is the key to this pattern reading, and it is the tool habitat designers must use as a principle of their design. I first learnt to use ArcGIS in uni, but that was for coursework and  during recent years after I started fidgeting with IT tools a lot, I enjoy doing hobby projects with GIS where I make maps and spatial analysis of sites of ecological importance.Much of this is already displayed in my github portfolio.

I love people as much as I love nature. I try to understand the differences that individuals have. I am a very clear communicator and an eager learner. I enjoy a lot of sports such as trekking, running, cycling and rowing. As you can see from my CV there is a gap in employment after the beginning of 2026. During this time I embarked on some research projects that were related to fields such as chemistry,physics,biology and ecology, although ecology was not a main theme of significance.The motivation for this scientific quest purely stemmed from personally derived questions that I had since I was very young, and during the 9 months since the end of last year, I intensively used python and AI to make mathematical models and ran countless simulations that describe real and synthetic systems. After 9 months, I think I have answered most of the questions that I started off with and is ready to make myself useful again for the society. During this time I acquired proficiency in using AI models such as Chatgpt and ai agents such as Claude Code.  I am very proficient at using various libraries and tools within Python, keen in Web and GUI design to make softwares that people can use, and I love the absolutely limitless possibility of GIS softwares to give ecology professionals, designers and policy makers alike a means to base their creation in reality.

I have ceaseless passion for the true beauty of British rural landscape. The view of a little bit barren but endlessly vast and breezing hills that is in the drone aerial footage on the landing page of Oxygen Conservation’s website is exactly the landscape that I am in love with. It looks bare and barren, but underneath the soil is breathing with water. I am ready to use GIS as a means to preserve this beautiful and valuable landscape that everyone in the whole world should understand the value of. I am eager, and confident that I can be of great hand and contribute to carbon sequestration and revival of the landscape that the British Isles were slowly losing for the last few millenia. I also briefly had opportunity to plan carbon credit related project in the microalgae company that I used to work for back in Korea. I designed an urban microalgal air purifying/refinery system to curb carbon emission and use the biomass to integrate it into Korean carbon credit system, so I am familiar with carbon credit. I value the potential that capital has in motivating people to do desirable and creative things and I believe the path that Oxygen Conservation is taking is exactly in line with this. Geospatial Analyst job at Oxygen Conservation must be one of the most adequately physically positioned job because you do not directly create structures or space, you plan and assist in planning the creation, by creating the flow of capital with what you see on the flat screen. The remoteness of this post allows for both me and Oxygen Conservation to work incredibly well together because although I do not have specific preference for place to work in, I can save a lot of commute time and get more things done if I can work from home, and this would benefit Oxygen Conservation and the industry as well. My Youth Mobility Scheme visa expires in next May, which gives us more than enough time to do many things. If I get the chance I would of course want to work longer for Oxygen Conservation, but we can think about that later. Right now I am immediately deployable. When I was at school, I saw the value of landscape patches, and now I want to use my spatial analysis ability to coordinate the harmony of those patches for the whole ecosystem with the power of remote sensing.

Thank you.

