
113 Valentia Road,Headington, Oxford | (+44) 07826207742 | iwchoikr@gmail.com | 
Profile
Ecology graduate with professional experience in environmental biotechnology and water-related research, complemented by practical UK conservation experience and specialist training in peatland restoration. Experienced in ecological and environmental research, GIS and spatial analysis, environmental monitoring, and communicating technical information. Particularly interested in peatland ecology, wetland hydrology, carbon cycling and nature restoration, with practical experience gained through UK conservation volunteering and peatland restoration training.

Experience
RESEARCHER | WATERBIOTECH CO. | AUGUST 2021 – MAY 2022
Cultured and researched microalgae to mitigate harmful algal blooms and for usage as an alternative food source.
Participated in government funded projects to curb carbon emission through absorption by microalgae and cyanobacteria. 
Team manager and biologist | ncell bio co. | december 2022 – january 2025
Cultivated microalgae, especially patented Spirulina strain, on industrial scale for commercial use.
Developed products that contain Spirulina powder, such as soaps, food products and pharmaceuticals.
Work Placement/Intern | Biodiversity by design| September 2025 – October 2025
Internship with the Bath situated ecological design consultancy. Followed them to their Tower of London Superbloom project site to survey plants.
Helped them submit report after the survey. In the process learnt a lot about the native flora of the UK.
VOLUNTEERING WITH SEVERAL CONSERVATION ORGANIZATIONS IN OXFORD | MAY 2025 – December 2025
Friends of Lye Valley – Participated in weekly work party from Berks, Bucks and Oxon Wildlife Trust  that maintains a rare calcareous fen called Lye Valley in Headington, Oxford ( June 2025 – December 2025)
Earth Trust – A conservation trust situated in the outskirts of Oxford (May 2025 – December 2025)
Oxford Conservation Volunteers – Dispatches maintenance parties to various nature reserves in and  around Oxord (May 2025 – December 2025)

Education
B.S. in ecological engineering and environmental sciences | august 2020 | korea university, seoul, south korea

PEATLAND RESTORATION PRACTITIONER COURSE  | JUNE – JULY 2025  | YORKSHIRE PEATLAND PARTNERSHIP
Skills & Abilities

Activities and Interests
Running
Trekking British mountainous landscape and fells
Cycling
Rowing
Programming(Web design, Python, AI tools, GIS etc)