I am a graduate of ecology from South Korea. I used to live in the UK when I was in primary school and secondary school with my family, and at that time I fell in love with the outstanding beauty of the British rural landscape, especially that of medium height mountains and fells that adorn the northern realm of the country. After returning to Korea from stay in the UK, I decided to study ecology and studied ecology in university. After graduation, at first I did not really have clear and specific interest in a subdomain of ecology that I wanted to devote myself to, but as time passed on while I was working for water/microalgae industry I gradually realised what I really wanted to do was design and preserve the natural beauty of British wildlife and montane landscape, the beauty of heaths and moors , and peatland which strives harder than anyone to maintain the carbon balance of the whole ecosystem. I do not want to exaggerate or flatter anyone, but I really think  British countryside has the adequate mix of minimal design, empathy, biodiversity and ecological capacity to heal the whole system.Although I haven't really stated any of them in the job experience section in this application because they weren't really relevant to conservation field, for some years after graduation I worked for the microalgae harvesting and biotech industry where I worked as biological researcher to produce metabolites from microalgae. While I was working in that industry I learnt about and came to deeply appreciate the actual role of ecology,especially hydrology, in maintaining harmony of the nature, not the "off the book" emphasis of the role of ecology that I learnt to land a job. And my thought eventually flowed to my own history and experience in the UK,and how the mesmerizing view of the rolling hills passed the M6 that I retained from my childhood in the UK was the manifestation of ecology and hydrology that I was beginning to understand. From then on I read a lot about the  biogeochemistry of wetlands, and soon after applied for Youth Mobility Scheme Visa and came to the UK in May 2025 for 2 year stay. The Visa allows me to take up any form of job in the UK for 2 years. As I stated in job experience section, after I came to England in May 2025, I found myself a home in Oxford where I worked as a volunteer with several conservation organisations here such as Earth Trust , Oxford Conservation Volunteers and Friends of Lye Valley. Friends of Lye valley is one of the work parties organised by the Berks Bucks and Oxon Wildlife trust to the natural reserves in Oxfordshire, and it meets every Wednesday at a calcareous fen site called Lye Valley in Headington Oxford. It is lead by a very capable field hydrologist called Rod Dayala, who works on the fen to maintain the hydrology of the wetland. I twice had a work placement with a ecological consultancy called Biodiversity by Design in Bath, where I followed the ecologist Mike Wells to London to survey their superbloom project site and helped them submit their report. During my time with the consultancy I equipped myself with the knowledge of native British flora needed for designing natural landscape in the UK. To attain my dream of becoming a conservation professional in the UK, I joined a course run by Yorkshire Wildlife Trust called Peatland Restoration Practitioner, which taught conservation professionals how to manage and preserve Peatland ecosystem, the health of the hydrology and spahgnum moss that maintain the acidity of the soil. After the course I was awarded a certificate by Lantra for completing the course.

Before and after coming to the UK as an ecologist, I learnt a great deal about many aspects of ecology of British Wildlife, but the most important thing ironically is not any knowledge or any inspiration, but the skill to use GIS software to work with and visualise spatial Data. My ultimate goal as I told you is to become a designer, or a Landscape architect who maintains the natural beauty of rural areas in the UK, and to design and maintain the natural untouched beauty of the rural landscape you need to be able to read the pattern of how the nature organises itself in natural habitats. GIS is the key to this pattern reading, and it is the tool habitat designers must use as a principle of their design. I first learnt to use ArcGIS in uni, but that was for coursework and  during recent years after I started fidgeting with IT tools a lot, I enjoy doing hobby projects with GIS where I make maps of sites of ecological interest throughout the UK such as the Chilterns and the Lake district. I can do basic Biodiversity Net Gain Assessment with GIS, and also practiced using GIS for peatland management with the YWT course. 

Forests, at the heart of energy, resource and eementa cyclingsuch as nitrgen,carbn and xygen) with its vast photosynthetic capacity and carbon sequestration abiity not  ony within its biomass but aso in faen rganic matter on the ground and in soi, is a major payer in the circuation of matter and maintaining ecogical resiience. Forests coordinate circulation between the three biospheres water, soil and air, and even they are regulated in heath-wise by mycorrhyzal fungi and lastly but nt east lichens lichens are a complex of different micrrganisms such as cyanbacteria, algae , and fungi  and they are a small self sustained ecsystem in themseves Not ony can we use lichens to engineer the health of forests and its ecogical successon but if we model the ecosystem mimicking lichens, we will be able t attain and maintain a very sef sustaining ecosystem, along with the monitoring and order keeping of mycorrhyizal networks

I can drive and have international driver's license which allows me to drive in the UK. If you require me to get a proper British Driver's license I can take the exam and get it right away. I am physically fit and can handle any electrical tools. I enjoy tinkering with various IT softwares such as python, design tools, AI models etc so I have absolutely no difficulty working with and handling digital tools and data, and presenting them to any audience. I enjoy cycling, rowing and trekking. I first started rowing back in my first stay in the UK in my childhood and I still row now. Cycling allows you to go anywhere in your own time, and I think the UK is a great country to cycle. One of the reasons why there is a gap in my employment after last year is because I wanted to start doing sports again. The personal projects that I told you I kept myself busy with after the end of last year uptil now are some research and creative projects such as trying to understand biology and ecology better, and have been reading many research papers, and this has personal motivation as well, since from very young I felt I was quite different from others and had many questions about myself. After a half a year's search I think I have mostly answered those questions and am ready to get back making myself useful for the society again.

I admit it may look like I lack much experience that the employers look for in potential employers regarding expertise in the knowledge of natural habitat of  the UK, but I think I have acquired much of that after coming to the UK, and most of all, I have the passion for the true beauty of British rural landscape. If I ever get a chance to work as a conservation professional, I cannot wait to plunge myself into the organised but limitless frontier of habitat design within the boundaries of British natural habitat that has shaped itself for many hundreds of years. From looking at your website, Woodland trust is an organisation that values clarity. You are down to Earth, an organisation that is ready to provide the people of the UK and the visitors the ecosystem services that both the nature and the society needs. I am ready to be part of that provision. Also there is another thing I want to point out. One of the roles that I would be responsible for if I become the project officer for Mourne Park is planning and providing activity and events that the visitor of any background, age or condition can enjoy in your natural reserves. I have understanding of different types of extreme sports or leisure activities that different types of people can enjoy that fits different environment, so I would have a lot of fun coordinating and planning different activities for visitors that come to the reserve as a side project. I have been to Ireland a couple of years ago. It was the Republic of Ireland, and I hope I am not making an offensive remark by saying this but the view of the bay that can be seen from Mourne Park is very similar to the one of the bay in Western Ireland that can be seen down from the hills of Westport. I would very much like to see a similar view again. 

Thank you.